Hannah Gunter: Hello.
Hannah Gunter: Are you there.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I can now.
Hannah Gunter: Hold on. Give me one second, please.
Hannah Gunter: I'm trying to fix my
Hannah Gunter: Okay. Hello.
Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: OK, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Your video is off.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I just do I have to have it on
Hannah Gunter: Better
Hannah Gunter: Is that better. Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, we've been having been a while since we're able to meet
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, it has been has been, I've been kind of busy.
Richelle Direny: What happened with
Hannah Gunter: With what
Richelle Direny: A little bit better.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so it's been it's been almost I want to say, I don't want to spend
Richelle Direny: Like a month or so many
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I think so.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, I've been doing okay.
Hannah Gunter: I guess I'm just not having a very good day today at all.
Richelle Direny: What happened.
Hannah Gunter: My internet got my internet was down for some reason. And I've just been. I don't know. I've been stressed out a lot lately. A lot
Richelle Direny: Outside of the
Richelle Direny: coronavirus kind of putting us all.
Hannah Gunter: Out. I like it that way.
Hannah Gunter: I don't like being around people anyway.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, there is. Actually, I saw
Richelle Direny: One about
Hannah Gunter: It said there's four different
Richelle Direny: It's probably four different pitches.
Richelle Direny: That had one or like the introvert, the one that
Richelle Direny: Like this whole when it says like you're on lockdown. You have to, you have to stay isolated let
Hannah Gunter: Me write
Richelle Direny: A perfectly fine with it. Like they find all things in the house to keep them occupied while you have the the extrovert best it's all alone in the house by themselves new super depressed and then how the world looks at it and then what's really going on.
Exactly.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Really going on with like a big fight over toilet paper.
Hannah Gunter: That's how the stores was around here, but I mean I'm a loner. Anyways, I do a lot of like being alone on master it. So I like it.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Hannah Gunter: Nothing new for me.
What would you say has been going on here.
Hannah Gunter: Well, my brother got put back in the hospital and
Hannah Gunter: He had another brain surgery and he's not doing not doing well.
Richelle Direny: I know the last
Hannah Gunter: Few months. Yeah, he's had this will be his sixth one since June, July of last year.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What do you have a you
Hannah Gunter: Know they found out he had the bird flu and it caused him to have meningitis.
Hannah Gunter: He has a bird flu. Yes.
Richelle Direny: In the midst of corona.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, yes I well I guess he's had it for quite some time. He's had like a lot of infection on his brain. That's why he's been having the seizures, that's why they've been doing like explorer a sport exploratory surgery on him.
Hannah Gunter: So,
Hannah Gunter: He's not doing I'm good at all.
Richelle Direny: And you're right.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah yeah she heard my mom. They've been going up there, you know, visited him with him, but because of because of the coronavirus you know they can't he's not allowed to have visitors until like
Hannah Gunter: A month, I think it is for now. So my mom can't go up there and be with him or anything.
Hannah Gunter: So he's all alone. Yeah, and he's really confused.
Richelle Direny: Now that was hospitalized in your face and he's not
Hannah Gunter: Like a
Hannah Gunter: Knowledge.
Richelle Direny: And every day he's eating a funny face.
Hannah Gunter: Right well and see he's so confused. He doesn't remember anything he he doesn't know why he's in the hospital. He doesn't know what's going on, he's confused like I'm I don't know.
Hannah Gunter: It's crazy.
Hannah Gunter: So he feels like you know he doesn't know why he's in the hospital to begin with. And my mom not being there, you know,
Hannah Gunter: I just worry about it.
And rightfully so.
Hannah Gunter: I can't hear you very well.
Richelle Direny: Is it that I'm going in and out or
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, you're going in and out.
Hannah Gunter: Better. Yes.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that's better.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, now in regards to, like, how are you, I know you said you're not doing well your own. I know you have like a lot of things going on like even
Hannah Gunter: You know,
Richelle Direny: underlying mental health. So how is that like
Hannah Gunter: It's going, I guess.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, that's really about all I can say.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Now what are some self care that you know how long has this been since he's been in the hospital for
Hannah Gunter: A while, since the last summer.
Richelle Direny: Now recently.
Hannah Gunter: Oh, this time. He's been there for two weeks.
Hannah Gunter: And they're talking like he's gonna have to stay for the next 10 weeks.
Richelle Direny: He's gonna stay in the hospital for 10 weeks.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now that they don't have the meningitis. They haven't been able to get the meningitis under control, like what is the
Hannah Gunter: I, I honestly that's about as much as I know, right. Well, that he has there. I don't know. He has infection on his brain. So they are giving him a very, very strong antibiotic.
Hannah Gunter: And
Hannah Gunter: We're going to go from there, I guess.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, it could either work, you know, or God forbid it doesn't know.
Hannah Gunter: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: But what is your own. So let me see, is this too much light. It's making it super yeah
Hannah Gunter: Oh, you're fine.
Richelle Direny: Now, what is your own self care routine in light of everything, in turn, most of them anguish and mental and emotional
Hannah Gunter: Thing.
Richelle Direny: What have you been doing in the last month so that you you know your anxiety and you just
Hannah Gunter: Honestly, yeah. Honestly, I've just been well
Hannah Gunter: Dr. Jamison dropped my medication do because of the insurance thing that was going on with everyone not paying for, you know, more than two tablets a day. I've been. I've been dealing with that.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, have not been feeling the greatest at all. Mm hmm.
Hannah Gunter: I'm just really. I mean, I don't know, it's, it's a hard adjustment.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And how is your arm in terms of your husband to support that.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, he supports me
Hannah Gunter: He does.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, I talked to him he you know he helps me. Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: But you know there are times we don't get along.
And
Richelle Direny: Is it that you didn't get along because of everything that's going on with you or
Hannah Gunter: I don't even know anymore.
Richelle Direny: When you say you don't know is are you guys having marital issues now.
Hannah Gunter: Enlightened
Richelle Direny: Being just kind of an accumulation of
Hannah Gunter: Everything. Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: It's like, I don't know. It's like, you know, I can't
I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So what's the most recent thing that would have because you said you weren't having a good day. So let's, let's start.
Richelle Direny: Off.
Richelle Direny: Just today, kind of going through the
Sequence of events.
Well,
Hannah Gunter: I guess I kind of blamed him for the internet not working.
Hannah Gunter: And it went from there.
Richelle Direny: So it hasn't been working since this morning.
Hannah Gunter: Correct.
Richelle Direny: So what was it that
Richelle Direny: Is he working
Hannah Gunter: Is he working. No, no, no, no, I just thought maybe I don't know I just blamed him for it.
Hannah Gunter: I really couldn't tell you why.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, I just
Richelle Direny: Don't know where you feeling emotionally overwhelmed. Prior to you, discovering that you were having internet issues.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I've been emotionally overwhelmed for a long time.
Richelle Direny: Now now with you being emotionally overwhelmed. Is it only related to what's going on with your brother or are there other things going on.
Hannah Gunter: I mean,
Hannah Gunter: I really don't know.
Hannah Gunter: What I can honestly say I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Have you been taking your medication, not just the Suboxone but
Hannah Gunter: You know, I don't get
Hannah Gunter: I don't get anything else.
Richelle Direny: You don't take anything for
Hannah Gunter: Now I take Sarah cool at night, and that's it.
Hannah Gunter: And my soapbox and of course
Richelle Direny: And everything you've been taking regularly prescribed
Hannah Gunter: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: And have you spoken to Dr. Jamison in terms of like how are you feeling anything
Richelle Direny: Is there anything different else going on with you from a physical
Hannah Gunter: Medical no
Hannah Gunter: No.
Hannah Gunter: I just, I don't know, I, I'm always anxious. I'm always on edge. I do if I do like get up to run the vacuum or something. I'll be doing 10 other things with it, not knowing what the hell I'm doing. Because I am so nervous and scattered
Hannah Gunter: She acts like she doesn't want to help me.
Richelle Direny: Now, in the sense, are you
Richelle Direny: were you diagnosed with bipolar or just or schizophrenia or
Hannah Gunter: Bipolar. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now with the vibe. You're not doing anything for
Hannah Gunter: The buyer modeling 9am not on anything.
Richelle Direny: And you haven't seen a psychiatrist in a while, right.
Hannah Gunter: No, I haven't seen one at all.
Richelle Direny: Now when you say that she did, she she who Dr. Jamison
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I mean, I don't think, I don't know. I can never talk to her privately, you know, it's always in group and I know I'm not comfortable doing that.
Richelle Direny: And this is
Richelle Direny: You want to speak to her specifically
Richelle Direny: About the fact that you've had the increased anxiety.
Hannah Gunter: I would like to. I mean, I would love to see a psychiatrist. Also, but I don't nobody. I mean, nobody has mentioned, I don't know which way to go about it.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you would have to the way you would go is call your insurance company because they will tell you who
Richelle Direny: Accepts your area that accepts your insurance.
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: Everything is Tele health, it's
Richelle Direny: Probably be a little bit more convenient for you to get in contact with a psychiatrist and meet him via this way through telemedicine.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, so I can do it like I do with you guys like
Richelle Direny: Now that now with air in light of everything going on.
Richelle Direny: I think that, you know, maybe more doctors are more open to doing the telemedicine.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: But either way, like I said, the first start is that you have to call your insurance company, you'd have to call your insurance company to see who, and that is something that you would have to
Richelle Direny: Do with your insurance company to see who, um, what do you have Medicaid
Hannah Gunter: Yeah Molina
Richelle Direny: Now that that the only challenge with that because I've had other patients who has Medicaid and depending on the care plan that they have
Richelle Direny: You know it's sometimes to get your first appointment. You're waiting a long time.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that's what I've experienced
Hannah Gunter: So what do I do about that.
Richelle Direny: You just call just make an appointment. Just call and find someone who accepts Molina
Richelle Direny: Scheduled the appointment and even if the appointment is three or four months out
Richelle Direny: Sometimes they put you on a waitlist that if
Richelle Direny: They have something that comes up sooner they caught, they, they start calling people on that weightless.
Hannah Gunter: Okay.
Hannah Gunter: So, but
Richelle Direny: You have to start there is calling on the insurance company to try to get an appointment, because even with bipolar disorder. I know depending on the medication that they put you on
Richelle Direny: They often do blood work every so often to see the levels in your system.
Hannah Gunter: Depending
Richelle Direny: On the medication, they are giving you and how it's being treated
Richelle Direny: But, you know, you can also speak with. I know that since we haven't spoken in in a while. I know part of it with. And now, and by no means am I suggesting, or saying that the reason why I don't know what the issue is for you with Dr. Jamison
Hannah Gunter: But all what it is either. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: I could tell her that I did.
Richelle Direny: Meet with you because I do know that she really truly encourages
Richelle Direny: I'm meeting with at least doing one session or however it's scheduled. I'm sure really and truly she truly encourages that she also looks at the consistency with either attendance or miss. Not just groups but sessions individual sessions.
Richelle Direny: So once I let her know, You know, I'm in terms, I know where and when it comes on to the script that's one thing but again for anything else in terms of the increased anxiety or anything else, you know,
Hannah Gunter: I don't know, and help me with that.
Richelle Direny: I sent her an email expressing how you feel and see is a way to get an ending medication, an appointment with her, but you can discuss because, I mean, the other one was time you've been to a doctor, your regular medical doctor
Hannah Gunter: I haven't seen my pa for a while.
Richelle Direny: What is a while.
Hannah Gunter: Probably a couple months.
Richelle Direny: Okay, if you're feeling that there is a change within your body. I think no off because to say
Richelle Direny: It could be stressed and do it's
Richelle Direny: Because of your brother or, you know, the marital issues that you're having you
Richelle Direny: Know thing but
Richelle Direny: I mean, I
Richelle Direny: Before kind of
Richelle Direny: traveling down that road. You always want to emulate innate if there's any underlining medical things that's going on or if there's changes where thats related because if you're saying that your issues or could it be that your marital is related to your increase things it
Hannah Gunter: Probably
Richelle Direny: So if you if you're if
Hannah Gunter: You're cutting out, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: Hmm, I'm still now.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, you're cutting out really bad.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I don't know, do anything.
Hannah Gunter: I can't hear you.
Um,
Richelle Direny: Hold on, hold on one second. Okay, one second.
Hannah Gunter: Hold one
Hannah Gunter: Oh, perfect.
Hannah Gunter: She froze.
Hannah Gunter: I don't know, I can't. I heard you say, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Am I, am I still cutting up really bad.
Hannah Gunter: No you're not. Now you're you're okay for the time being.
Richelle Direny: Let me tell you, I think this is the other thing, and then we're gonna get back to talking about like trying to assess what's going on. And I think when it comes on to the internet in law. This
Richelle Direny: Pandemic that's going on a lot more people that's working from home or just going internet based or, you know, Wi Fi and they're using AI system.
Richelle Direny: So you'll find that there's going to be a lot of issues. And that's just coming from. I would just think like the the internet provider themselves because it's like an overload that's going on on the system, you're talking about
Hannah Gunter: Everyone using everyone
Richelle Direny: You know, that's the only way you can communicate with anybody, these days.
Soon and Very
Richelle Direny: Soon, very soon they're going to start telling you you and your spouse needs to be in two different rooms talking on the
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, talking on the phone to one another.
Hannah Gunter: And the next dream right beside me, like, four feet away.
Richelle Direny: So 60 and social distance and he has to be in the
Hannah Gunter: social distancing
Hannah Gunter: Everything is a computer nowadays so
Hannah Gunter: Oh yes for too long. I'll have to be in one room and he'll be in the other one.
Richelle Direny: That's
Richelle Direny: That's another thing. It said the, I think the Wi Fi system. It's just unstable right now because I
Have
Hannah Gunter: So many people is using the internet right now.
Richelle Direny: You're talking about like at home if two parents are working from home and the children are now.
Hannah Gunter: Going
Richelle Direny: To school online. You see, like, that's just a lot of people just
On those
Hannah Gunter: So that's like 7 billion people probably
Richelle Direny: There you go. That's all.
Richelle Direny: So, but, in any case, I mean when it comes on to your medical provider maybe checking in just the kind of speed, they need to do any blood work and just see if there's anything going on where that's concerned because that could be another factor.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, how, how, though, how would that be a factor because
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's say if you go to your doctor and you're just saying, hey, you know what I really don't know. I've just been feeling very anxious
Richelle Direny: You know, you're just describing how you have been feeling they ask you a series of questions and if they feel that based on what you're saying that they're going to run bloodwork to see whether it's your thyroid, or whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: Just to see if everything's normal it from a medical standpoint, everything is fine then. Now we're talking about, okay, what other things are going on. Has there been any changes. Did you have any recent
Richelle Direny: Loss. I know you said one of the issues is with your brother, but that's over a month. Now the question is, how have you how you've been feeling with the increased anxiety. Was that before or after your brother got hospitalized.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, it was after probably
Richelle Direny: OK. So now, how close are you to your brother.
Hannah Gunter: My brother and I are very close, but I've always, you know, had anxiety but and I don't know. It's like, I don't know. I
Hannah Gunter: I feel like I'm about to jump out of my skin.
Hannah Gunter: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: But then the your, your increase fatigue. That's what I mean. That's one of the things that you're called that fatigue. So the increased fatigue. What is that all associated with your brother being in the hospital, like what is the prognosis.
Hannah Gunter: I mean,
Hannah Gunter: No, not all of it. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So what else do you think is going on that you, what did you experience that made you started feeling like that.
Hannah Gunter: Um, I don't know, like
Hannah Gunter: Maybe my personal life.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: Outside. Now what is within your person that
Richelle Direny: Like, my life is with your, your marriage.
Hannah Gunter: Was specifically
Richelle Direny: About your marriage because your, your husband is in law school, isn't he
Hannah Gunter: Yes. Yes, he is.
Hannah Gunter: He's very smart.
Hannah Gunter: Um, I don't know. We just don't know. I don't I don't I don't really want to talk about that. I mean, I don't know, we've just been arguing
Hannah Gunter: A little more
Hannah Gunter: And it worries me.
Richelle Direny: You know, is it the argument is feels like you feel like your marriage is falling apart.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now it depends on the content of your arguments and what triggers your arguments, because, I mean,
Richelle Direny: There is also the fact that i mean
I think
Richelle Direny: Depending on the argument of what triggers it. I mean, it's arguments in relationship is what helps the strengthen the relationship because then you learn how to identify talk through it and then you know get through it.
Hannah Gunter: I like that.
Hannah Gunter: It's just, I don't know.
Hannah Gunter: And Brandon just lost his mom.
Hannah Gunter: And that's been really hard.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I know. So, and do you think all of your fatigue and anxiety and all of that is kind of escalating or it increases at from the loss of your mother in law, your brother being hospitalized.
Hannah Gunter: Yet just life in general.
Hannah Gunter: Just
Hannah Gunter: It's hard to talk about. I don't
Richelle Direny: Well, while ignoring it doesn't make it go away.
Hannah Gunter: It just
For that second
Hannah Gunter: Now,
Richelle Direny: But really just stops it for that second
Richelle Direny: One of the things
Hannah Gunter: I said, I'm trying to plug my phone in
Richelle Direny: No, that's fine. One of the things that I do know.
Richelle Direny: That I'm
Richelle Direny: That do you or would you agree because one of the things I observed about you. You harbor things a lot
Hannah Gunter: You keep everything in. I do keep everything
Richelle Direny: That's not good. Because every time that we touch on something you always say, I don't want to talk about it. I don't want
Hannah Gunter: I don't know how to talk about it.
Richelle Direny: Do you fear the emotion, the overwhelming emotion that's going to come after
Hannah Gunter: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: But then that's the only way you can. It's like a when a horn is healing. It's sometimes it gets very painful during the healing process. But that's just part of the healing process.
Hannah Gunter: It's hard.
Richelle Direny: It is hard. Think about it. So I have this metaphor. Think about you have. I know you have children, it's thinking about the baby needs to come out.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to feel good. During that process.
Hannah Gunter: Of the baby coming up.
Hannah Gunter: Whoa.
And when
Richelle Direny: It when they're telling you breathe, breathe, breathe, and you're saying, No, I don't want to breathe it hurts. No, no.
Richelle Direny: Why the hey the but what comes out at the end of all of that pain and suffering. You went
Hannah Gunter: Into beautiful. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, it's
Richelle Direny: It.
Hannah Gunter: takes people to our it does take people to argue both in relationship to learn when they're not there. Exactly.
Hannah Gunter: Because then you're going to talk about
Richelle Direny: It, you're going to process it, but you have to, you know, it's okay, it's okay.
Richelle Direny: Because sometimes it's all about misunderstanding.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that's exactly what it is. This I personally think
Hannah Gunter: That I get mad at one another.
Hannah Gunter: It's just hard.
Richelle Direny: But, but the question is, and being honest with yourself to you do the same thing in an argument. Do you stop and say, I don't want to talk about it.
Hannah Gunter: Again, I'm sorry.
Hannah Gunter: I said, I said.
Hannah Gunter: The same thing. I'm saying
Richelle Direny: You know, do you say I don't want to talk about it.
Richelle Direny: In the middle of my argument. Do you should do you
Richelle Direny: Shut down and say, I don't want to talk about it anymore.
I do
I just want to shut it off.
Richelle Direny: And what ends up happening at the end.
Richelle Direny: Is that is that is that him sitting right next to you. Yeah.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: No, no, it's not freezing up. Can you hear me.
Hannah Gunter: I can hear you now. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's not freezing up ask him if nine o'clock tomorrow is good.
Richelle Direny: Oh, no, no, take that back tomorrow is group, forget it. Don't, don't worry about it. What about
Richelle Direny: What about Wednesday.
Yes.
Yeah, that's fine.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: Is he going to remember
Hannah Gunter: Yes, I won't. He won't remember
Hannah Gunter: He will be there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'll put up, put it on my calendar for for nine o'clock on Wednesday morning
Okay.
Richelle Direny: What time do you go, what time do you guys go to group.
Hannah Gunter: I've got a grub at 1030 and
Hannah Gunter: 430 well
Richelle Direny: And you both go weekly well
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what, one of the things that I would like you to work on Hannah and I think that would there. In the past we've discussed that I really am going to encourage that you call the insurance company to find to see what psychiatry accepts Molina
Richelle Direny: And now, you said that you in terms of like for medical you said it's been just a few months, right.
Medical like
Richelle Direny: Meaning that just go to get your checkup like annual or what have you.
Richelle Direny: You said yes.
Hannah Gunter: It's been a couple of months.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but I mean, but you're you're
Richelle Direny: You're so you're you're up to date with your annual and all of that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, I guess I'm just doing that. I'll send a message to Dr. Jamison
Richelle Direny: That you would like to schedule an individual appointment with her, or because I know that she has groups, back to back. So sometimes it's a little bit harder. Depending on the size of the group.
Richelle Direny: For her to meet afterwards. So I will just kind of send her, just so you know you could talk to her about
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, the fatigue and the anxiety and all of that. But, Hannah. I mean, I know that one of the things that when we spoke in the beginning, I know that you struggle.
Richelle Direny: With speaking a lot about your past and just speaking about a lot of what's going on with you. Um, I can't. You're saying I can't hear you, because you're
Richelle Direny: Huh. Oh, oh no, I thought you said something
Richelle Direny: Now, okay, yeah. So I know that you you you know you struggle with a lot of things and not necessarily always wanted to speak about the things that are overwhelming for you because it's just emotionally. It's too overwhelming.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, the only way that you can go through any healing process.
Hannah Gunter: I think you froze. I think
Richelle Direny: Am I still frozen.
Hannah Gunter: Okay. Nope. Not anymore.
Richelle Direny: Okay, when you said I froze you froze.
Richelle Direny: So, um, but I definitely encourage for us to make you know for you to try to make your bi weekly appointments
Hannah Gunter: My to my
Richelle Direny: No, no. For here. That was what I think that's what we
Hannah Gunter: Are live
Hannah Gunter: Oh, with you. Yeah, yeah, okay, I can make a point to do that.
Richelle Direny: And just the way that I sent you the message to them about the the the appointment at four, it's in the same way.
Richelle Direny: Sometimes it's better if you send me a text. I mean, not to say that I don't check my email.
Richelle Direny: Because I know
Richelle Direny: You want. That's the best way that you and Brandon can email you know you send the emails. But I think the Texas. I'm more readily quicker to respond to it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, I will. Let's see if I can
Richelle Direny: So let's meet
Richelle Direny: Let's meet on the is four o'clock. Good for you. Yeah, yeah. Okay, let's meet on the 13th at four okay that is perfect.
Richelle Direny: All right, I'm gonna put you on my calendar. The 13th at four. Okay.
Hannah Gunter: Thank you, Michelle. I will see you then.
Richelle Direny: It, stay safe. Wash your hands wash
Hannah Gunter: Bye bye.
Hannah Gunter: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: No problem. I
Jen: Hi.
Richelle Direny: Hello, how are you
Jen: Good, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good.
Good.
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much for coming.
Richelle Direny: Of course. And so today, our session is more. It's called what is called a bio psychosocial
Richelle Direny: And it's just, it's basically I'm doing history.
Richelle Direny: About, you know,
Richelle Direny: Overall addiction and you know you programs that you've been in or what have you, what brought you to our program.
Richelle Direny: Right so so that's pretty much question answer just getting to getting to know you outside of the group, a little bit.
Richelle Direny: And then towards the end, then we'll talk a little bit more about
Richelle Direny: You know what your future would look like in terms of future sessions, how we set that up.
Jen: Okay, I've done, I've done this so many times. So it's easy for me.
Richelle Direny: Well hopefully after this you will kind of get it.
Richelle Direny: To where I have to keep starting it all over again. Right.
Jen: Right, well I mean even going to new doctors and starting new programs on not necessarily relapsing and starting over, like, you know, just like in general, you know,
Richelle Direny: I'm like started going to new doctors or new
Richelle Direny: Programs, maybe your insurance doesn't cover the one you were in before something
Jen: Of that. Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha. One moment. So how are you surviving with the stay at home orders.
Jen: It doesn't bother me. I'm old owner. I mean, I'm a homebody anyway is so
Jen: You know, it's nice to be able to stay home. You know, I've done my partying days. Those days are over. So
Jen: It's nice just to relax and not have to worry about hanging out with somebody or, you know,
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so there is no real guilt feeling like okay I'm home. I need to get out there and I need to do this, you're
Jen: It. No, no.
Jen: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This is a one time where you can isolate and it's not a problem. It's not something going on.
Richelle Direny: That's created you're worth it.
Jen: Back and
Jen: Re
Jen: Stay home. Right. Right. And if I do need to go to the store, then, you know, I'll have my uncle come get me. If he's able to, or if I need to take a walk. I'll walk up to the corner store walk around the block a few times, you know,
Jen: So I got, I got a lot to do in my house. Anyways, because I recently moved in here and I'm still still have boxes to unpack so it's giving me stuff to do.
Richelle Direny: Hey, I get that I completely get then on when you move into a new place via the unpacking can be a chore, all within itself.
Jen: Yes. And sometimes it's overwhelming, but
Richelle Direny: I can only imagine.
Richelle Direny: Very, very overwhelmed. So you do one box at a time.
Jen: Yeah, that's not even my uncle, he said, just do a few boxes, a day, you know, or maybe a little bit of a room in a day.
Jen: That I'm like, No, I just want to get everything done at once.
Richelle Direny: That gets overwhelming and then you do nothing.
Jen: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so, um, so let's get started. So you're, you're pretty much you're familiar are aware, kind of have the check in process goals that you always check in with the virtual clinic.
Jen: Right and
Richelle Direny: They will give you the code for you to come in, even if you for individual even if you know the code.
Richelle Direny: They really want you to always check in directly with them first.
Richelle Direny: Actually, they just sent him an email because I know that sometimes the way it is a little bit long. But it's always best even if you check in.
Richelle Direny: Let's say 30 minutes before and you just leave it there at least you've gotten the cold because then sometimes I'm sitting here wondering what's going on and then you don't come over until like 20 minutes later, because it's like processes so long the
Richelle Direny: The other thing is, you know, I always stress the fact that when you come for the especially within group that you're in a place where you know that is pretty private
Richelle Direny: You know you're not just protecting your own confidentiality. I mean, if you're in a room with your family. It's your information, however.
Richelle Direny: The other people in a group setting. They may be sharing and, you know, just out of respect and just keeping their information private and confidential. We ask that you keep
Jen: Your earbuds in
Richelle Direny: I know you've been pretty good about it.
Richelle Direny: Now, you know, for me, I always just really stress on the fact of if you're on kind of like how I sent you the message.
Richelle Direny: It's just sending me a reply, like you did confirming that yes I will be there or no, you know, can we reschedule. I got something going on and I
Richelle Direny: You know, I need to reschedule our appointment. That's fine. Let me know. Just adjust all adjust. You know, that's my best source of contact and I noticed that the above message I had sent you prior. You can either send me a text or an email just to, you know,
Jen: Yeah, just to get in contact with me, if anything, needs to be changed or you have any questions or
Richelle Direny: You just need that additional support. There's always
You can always
Richelle Direny: Just I'm just kind of going over you know this is always, you know, our sessions are confidential, for the most part on like with anywhere you go that's dealing with you medically or otherwise.
Richelle Direny: The only people that are privy to what's going on are the people that are working on your team.
Richelle Direny: But outside of that, and we are always on a recorded session. So it is a recorded line and so keep in mind as well that I am a mandated reporter. So if you ever state or suggest or say anything that is
Richelle Direny: You know, you're making a threat to harm yourself or anyone else or anything of that nature, you know, confidentiality kind of goes out through
Richelle Direny: The door like a bright, um, but outside of that, you know, pretty much what is said here stays here.
Alright.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Alright, so let's get started. So this time, our time together. You know, if you have you know 45 minutes to an hour if it's it's less than its last a good 45 minutes or an hour is our time together.
Richelle Direny: Especially now with the individuals. Sometimes if it's just like a half an hour checking in, or 45 minutes, you know, that's kind of how we do the individuals, but we'll talk about more the individual and I'll
Richelle Direny: Schedule A follow up session after we are time doing this. I'll schedule like a follow up session. And then we kind of go accordingly. Okay. Okay. Now, um, if you could just start telling me what brought you to bright heart health and how did you hear about this program.
Jen: Um, my family physician told me about you guys because I had a very, very hectic schedule at the time, and all the places around here that I'm
Jen: Dead because I wanted to get on Suboxone but every place that gave you the Suboxone you had to go to the I O P three times a week, three hours a day.
Jen: And random drug task, which is fine, but it would cut in to my time for work, because I don't have a car. So I would have to take the bus everywhere. And then it was just a big hassle.
Jen: So my doctor told me about you guys and how you have it online and how you meet once a week and Brandon drug class and I was like, that's perfect. You know,
Jen: I have no car right now and
Jen: It's a lot simpler for me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Um, so your doctor is pretty familiar with bright heart or
Jen: I guess so, yeah. My I think it was either my doctor or therapist over there. One of the, I think it was my doctor. So building a pest to in the same, you know, in the same position build it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so you kind of, if you could just give me just a brief history about, you know, how old are you when you got started, you know, what was your drug of choice and what was surrounding
Richelle Direny: You know the beginning like as you started the addiction journey. Like if you could just give me a little
Jen: I was about. I want to say maybe about 22
Jen: Maybe 23 I started
Jen: With prescription pills and then it led up to heroin so opiates were my drug of choice, but I did drink.
Jen: Because I worked at a bar. So, I drank as well. But I did it need the drinking. I could go three, four days working and drink. And then the other days, it wouldn't bother me, but I would have to have my
Jen: My pills. To start off, and then, like I said, it went up to the stronger stuff. Um, I think maybe it was just because I was in the dancing industry so that had a lot to do with it.
Jen: And I was in a car accident. So that was another reason I got the prescription pills.
Richelle Direny: Were you on
Jen: Um, it was I believe they were Percocet.
OK.
Richelle Direny: OK. Now when you say dancin specifically
Jen: I'm stripping.
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Jen: The money was good but
Jen: I mean I had, I had a great I had fun. It was fun for my, you know, um, but I just, I wish I would have just stayed away from you know the opiates and I would have been okay because I didn't like anything else, I believe I smoked weed twice when I was 16 never touched it again.
Jen: I drank one time at 16 never touched it again until I was 21 I'm everything I tried. I did not like cocaine. I didn't like
Jen: Weed I didn't like I never
Richelle Direny: Was a marijuana and with the cocaine and everything else, like a one, I'm trying, you're like, I'm not really into this
Jen: Yeah, yeah. I didn't like it. Yeah, I tried it and I was like, no, this isn't it. But then once I tried the pals and then the heroine. It was, I was in love with that so
Richelle Direny: And, um, and how long were you in the dancing entertainment and
Jen: Um, I started around 18 and I stopped. I want to say about 30
Jen: So 2012 years
Richelle Direny: 12 years
Jen: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, I mean, I was going was
Jen: Oh no, I'm just saying I was starting to dance. So I was a. So I would say about for college because I was going to college to become a surgical technologist.
Jen: And you know how it is you start dancing and then you don't finish college and yes you stay in that world, you know, and
Jen: And I, I made a lot of money, a lot of money working three days a week. I mean, I made as much as a doctor would make a year, if not more.
Jen: And I did not save a penny of that. I mean, I had the cars to show I had the houses the clothes the diamonds, but I never put it away like an idiot to say, you know, so
Richelle Direny: Until you said that you once being in that industry, you're saying that it because of the money you you've kind of made that choice to say
Richelle Direny: Either continue paying for your go to school and pay for it or walk away from this career, quote unquote, that gave you a whole paid out a whole lot more. Yeah.
Jen: Pretty much. And I just, like, and I got instead into the job so heavy. I just stopped going to school. I said, forget it. You know, I make enough money. I only got to work three days a week.
Jen: This is the life at that time, you know, but I didn't plan for the future, like how I did starting going into, you know, dancing, all I'm going to finish college and
Jen: But now, it didn't work out like that. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Now, so with the opiates. It started specifically when you started the in the entertainment industry 18 and then it just kind of exacerbated from there in terms of the opiate use after the car accident.
Jen: Yeah, well, I gotta, I started 18 but i i never drank. I never, I never did anything. I didn't touch any drugs until I was about 22, like I said, when I got to the car accident and
Jen: I mean, I would take a half of an old tram and get sick off of it. That's how you know I DIDN'T LIKE ANYTHING BUT I'M FROM THE CAR ACCIDENT for the pain that's when I started and then it just, it wasn't
Jen: I was taking too many. And then one of my friends at at the bar, you know, was doing that stuff and
Jen: I tried it, so
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Jen: I did start the ope the the heroin. So I was about 23
Richelle Direny: And how long did that going for with the heroin, you
Jen: Have geez, up until six months ago.
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, have you ever been in any kind of inpatient treatment facility.
Jen: Yes, I want to met Talbot and Cleveland's I was on probation. I had a
Jen: Some charges they were not drug related charges but they suggested me to go into drug court, since it was my first offense. And so I was like okay and
Jen: So I, you know, went to jail because I tested positive for drugs because here I go. See this probation officer.
Jen: You know, high whatever not thinking that they're going to test me because it's not a drug charge. I'm so from jail. I went to Matt Talbot, that was a 60 day program and then I'm finished probation. After about two years and I was done. And this was about five years ago, so
Richelle Direny: Well, and that's the only inpatient program you've ever gone
Jen: On inpatient, yes. I want to detox places, but oh no I'm sorry. There was another impatient one, this was like a year ago.
Jen: On I went through detox and then I went to inpatient who's about 20 days I forgot the name of the place, but it was in a different county. It was about, like, hour and a half away from Cleveland. I can't remember the place. So two and patient places.
Richelle Direny: And then after that, for the most part, they were all patient
Jen: Yeah, yeah, just I op, and most of them were just detoxes and I lasted
Jen: On a lot of them I lasted quite a long time being sober. But then I would get lonely and bored and that's my thing. When I get lonely when I get bored.
Jen: Like if I was if I didn't have my soapbox and now I'm sitting here, I would be little that'd be the excuse. I'm bored I'm lonely, but I'm okay with it now.
Jen: You know, but in the past that would have been an excuse. I'm you.
Richelle Direny: Know I'm
Richelle Direny: Now, so you never did. So your highest level of education was high school. You never did any college at all.
Jen: I did some I did a couple semesters. I just didn't finish college
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Now you don't have any DUIs or anything like that.
Jen: No DUIs no
Richelle Direny: No pending no current or pending legal charges.
Jen: Now,
Jen: You're not on now in Miami.
Jen: Now, and my
Jen: My charges from five years ago work sponge since I finished drug court so
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you don't have any current I'm craving since being since you started this program. Right.
Jen: Um, once a while I will just, you know, because the thought will come in my head, but you know I was taught and I op and glasses, you know, just you have to acknowledge the thought don't act upon it, but just acknowledge it and let it go.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Jen: You know, find something else to do, you know, with your time. Yes. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: In terms of
Richelle Direny: So in sight history. Were you ever diagnosed with any kind of mental illness.
Know,
Jen: That I never went to, um, I've been. I went to therapy, but not a psychiatry.
Jen: Um, I will
Richelle Direny: Be did you were you ever diagnosed with like a mental health illness personality disorder. Anything of that nature where the
Jen: PTSD. Um, I know that.
And
Jen: Pardon.
Richelle Direny: Related to you said PTSD, what
Was
Jen: I was abused as a child, for many years, and my upbringing wasn't a very good upbringing, so
Jen: Um, but mostly because of the sexual abuse.
Richelle Direny: Sexual mental, verbal the whole gamut.
Jen: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So, and you grew up with your mom and dad.
Jen: My father died when I was two and my mom met my step dad when I was about six, seven years old, they got married.
Jen: And then I told my mom about what was happening throughout those many, many years. When I was 16 years old because my mom was pregnant with my brother and I didn't want it to happen to him.
Jen: So I told my mom what happened, and she press charges and he went to jail for a very short time and got out and
Then
Jen: Yeah, x because they got they got a divorce. So
Jen: But it was my sit down at the time.
Richelle Direny: And how, how many years was the this
Richelle Direny: I'm
Jen: The one about that. I want to say seven years went on for seven years. Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, do you have any history and no history of eating disorder self mutilating behaviors anything
Jen: No, no.
Richelle Direny: No attempted suicide.
Richelle Direny: act of love attempted suicide or suicidal thoughts homicidal anything like that homicide.
Jen: Now,
Richelle Direny: And you said, How now, with when you were in both inpatient and outpatient out each transition in your program. You were always seeing like seeing a therapist.
Jen: I'm, um,
Jen: But I want to the inpatient the mental that yes
Jen: For the first one, the one that I went through about a year ago. It wasn't
Jen: I mean I seen I think twice. So it wasn't really like they just wanted to see how I was doing and the programs and but with like I. O. P. And you know the outpatient ones. No, I didn't really see a therapist. I chose to see a therapist but
Richelle Direny: Which you never really
Jen: Know I did when I was younger, about the the the abuse.
Jen: But not, you know, not for anything else.
Richelle Direny: Now, I mean, even with the diagnosis, who diagnosed with PTSD, your, your therapist.
Jen: Um, when I was in drug court, the lady had to come to the jail and do assessment. So she put down whatever she put down and I guess her and whoever said PTSD.
Richelle Direny: But then
Know,
Richelle Direny: And I think PTSD doesn't come under I think comes on and no like anxiety or anything like that. And they never did suggest that you get on medication.
Jen: See I yeah I have anxiety, but it wasn't
Jen: Wasn't ever diagnosed like my my current doctor, you know, I told her you know that I have anxiety and you know I was depressed at the time and I needed something. And she said, Oh, well I can't really give you anything you have to see a psychiatrist for that.
Jen: Because you're not diagnosed
Jen: So they did give me
Jen: Something for the depression.
Jen: Oh gosh, what's the name of the medication called Hold on, I haven't taken it yet because I'm off of the drugs so
Jen: I'm feeling better.
Jen: But I'm thinking about just taking it to see to see how it feels. I just don't want to take anything for no reason. Oh, I'm
Jen: So lotsa
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jen: Yeah, I haven't started taking in
Jen: My current doctor
Jen: Because I was on effect, sir. I'm from my last doctor who is in the same
Jen: Name, they're both in neighborhood family practice. I just moved so the doctor I have now is closer to me.
Jen: So I didn't have to travel to my, my first doctor. My first doctor gave me a fact, sir. Few years ago. And that worked great. I loved it.
Jen: And this doctor. I said, hey, I want to get the effects are back. She said, Well, why was she giving you effect, sir. I'm like, that's what she gave me and she said, well, here I'm gonna give you select saw so I don't know. I don't know.
Jen: I don't know what to say about that because I remember my first doctor gave me something. And it made me nauseous and it just, it wasn't working. So, I believe. Maybe that's why she gave me a factor. Hmm. But I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Oh, come now,
Richelle Direny: In turn your family history.
Richelle Direny: And you can talk to. Did you talk to you. Who do you see, do you see Natalie right you can talk to Natalie about all the medication you told her that you were prescribed the
Richelle Direny: The select
Jen: No I didn't, because I haven't been taking I didn't take it at all, because I wanted the effects are because that worked really good, but my doctor. The, the newer doctor
Jen: I don't know. She's just, I don't know. And then I totally forgot about it that I had it and I just got to refill because they refer on my prescriptions and give them to me.
Jen: So I'm debating whether just started or not. But I'm thinking maybe just start it. See how. See how it feels. And if I don't like it then I'll tell my doctor
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Yeah, just talk to them and even listen, you're, you're only you're you are your own self advocate, like if you know that you're on a medication and it works and you don't want to change it. Then you just have to let them know that. No, I'm not.
Richelle Direny: Interested and if they can't give you a justifiable reason or one that you can comprehend why they're changing your particular medication.
Richelle Direny: Because the only thing. The only reason why I would think a doctor will change a medication is if you're saying that the one that's driving you prior is no longer working or unless your insurance is saying that they're no longer covering it.
Jen: Right. Right. And that that wasn't the case, I think she was like, well, why would she give you a factor for depression and anxiety.
Jen: And I'm like, that's what she gave me and then after the fact. I, I thought of it like okay well I think she might have gave me select site and it didn't work because it was making me nauseous.
Jen: And it just didn't work right for me. So that's why my doctor gave me that factor. And that worked. Perfect. So
Richelle Direny: You gotta see sometimes, you know, you know, not to speak ill of any medical provider, but you have to read go recent go and type in Google. That's what Google is there for just Google name.
Richelle Direny: And just see what is the the side effects. If it was, what are the contraindications, especially if you're taking you know you're on other medication.
Richelle Direny: And just kind of have that conversation. And when you go, you know, you kind of have your questions.
Richelle Direny: As to, you know, well you know you prescribe this and I was taking this before and I find that this was better. Why would you prescribe this because based on my research. This is what it's saying. Now you're giving them.
Richelle Direny: You're letting them know. Listen, I kind of got a little bit of education. Now you need to let me know the reason why you're doing this.
Jen: And let them having
Richelle Direny: One conversation with you because, I mean, you don't want to necessarily be a test prep you want to
Jen: You want to be completely
Richelle Direny: Informed so
Jen: I think that's, yeah. That's why I didn't even want to start taking this yet, because I don't want to just be a lab rat and have all this medication in me, you know, and, and now I don't know. I just don't like that, you know, you
Richelle Direny: Know advocate for yourself, you know, next thing you know, you're starting to flip out on somebody and you're wondering why and you think it's one
Thing.
Richelle Direny: Well, you know, yeah, definitely have that conversation now.
Richelle Direny: In her family history. Now I know you said you you grew up with you, you only have one brother. Right. It's just the two of you, you and your brother.
Jen: Yeah i well i have a sister, but she was adopted, so she's in Georgia.
Jen: I know who she is. We met a couple times, but it's it's not like we keep in contact, all the time.
Jen: You know,
Richelle Direny: You have to kill me neither, she's older than you.
Jen: Know, she's four years younger than me. I was the firstborn. And then it was my sister.
Jen: When my mom gave her up for adoption. When I was four and didn't have my brother until I was 1516
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. Oh, so your mom gave up your biological sister for an option.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, my
Richelle Direny: Sister yeah adopted a child wife. How did you meet your sister.
Jen: Oh, no.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And this was your deceased father's child.
Jen: Now it's different guys three kids, three different fathers
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's right, she's four years younger than you. So she was right after your dad passed away.
Jen: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Now any drug history where it's where it's concerned with your family with your, your, let's go. Go with your biological mother and your biological father. If you are a part of their lives. Growing up like their, their history with substance abuse.
Jen: Okay, my mom never had a problem of drug abuse, up until she turned probably about 40 and my father, my biological father. I heard that him and his brothers and everybody was into drugs zone.
Jen: So, you know,
Richelle Direny: glow like the music.
Richelle Direny: You didn't know it. You didn't know them or you didn't meet them. You just heard.
Out.
Jen: Right. And I didn't meet my grandma or my uncle's till I think I was like 12
Jen: My father's brother.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. He died of natural causes your dad.
Jen: My dad died in a house fire trying to save his friends, little boy.
Richelle Direny: I'm now with you said your maternal grandparents, they didn't
Richelle Direny: They didn't
Jen: Know, not that I know of. My mom, my mom's side. Nobody used drugs. I think my aunt and my aunt smoked weed here and there.
Jen: But that was it had some, you know, during, during the holidays. I remember that was that. And then on my dad's side. I don't believe my grandma or grandfather used either maybe like drinking on holidays, but they had said, but I don't know that for sure.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said that your mom didn't start until she was about 40
Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, she didn't drink didn't smoke. She was against it because my ex step father drank and smoked weed and she was really, really against it.
Jen: So yeah, she didn't start until she met somebody at like 40
Richelle Direny: Okay, no, um, what about your brother.
Jen: Yeah yeah
Jen: He
Jen: He does whatever he does whatever and anything
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. So he's heavily, heavy
Jen: Yeah, he's it's mostly weed and
Jen: Drinking and cocaine, as far as I know.
Richelle Direny: And he's so he's still active in active addiction or
Jen: Uh huh. Yeah, he's only 24 so he thinks because he's still young. He's in the partying stage, which I understand, because that's how I was on my my 20s, I still have time to party. You know, before my 30s, but yeah.
Jen: He enjoyed getting
Jen: Right. I mean, he's been on probation. Um, for tagging. You know what tagging is
Jen: Tagging is where you take spray paint like on the train, the train cars where people have their names spray painted on the train cars. That's he has he's gotten in trouble with that something
Richelle Direny: On the on the train cart.
Jen: Yeah, yeah. It's called a again, which is it's an art. And I think it's beautiful. But you don't do it on people's property, you know,
Jen: Yeah, you don't do that, so
Richelle Direny: Well, interesting.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Interesting. So, then wouldn't that be a form of vandalizing
Jen: Yeah, that's why he was on probation, because of the, I guess would be vandalism or destruction of property, um,
Jen: Because he would paint on people's like store property, you know, on the sides.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Are your grandparents and your, your mom. You're all still alive.
Jen: My mom's dad died when I was 12
Jen: And my dad's
Jen: Mom, I don't know if she's still alive. And I don't know if my grandfather's still alive. He's in Florida. I was trying to get
Jen: Get ahold of him for a little while back a couple years ago, but I can't find them and then the things that you look up people they they want you to pay for people's addresses.
Jen: Yeah, sorry.
Richelle Direny: Do you think he is.
Jen: I don't know. I have no idea. But, I mean, I know his name, um,
Jen: So I was looking up his name. I know you know I think I still have my grandma's P. O. Box somewhere. So I got to find out and write her
Jen: Oh, because I haven't seen her. I haven't seen my dad's mom since I was probably about 16 1816
Richelle Direny: Or 18
Jen: Yeah, because my mom and my
Jen: Grandma got into it because my grandma said that all she doesn't think that I'm I'm I'm my dad's kid.
Jen: Because my mom. Yeah. My mom was messing with somebody else, which I look like my dad I have pictures I look like my dad, you know,
Jen: And she's like, I want to say maybe in her 80s now.
Richelle Direny: And she she still believes that
Jen: I don't know this, I'm saying I haven't talked to her since I was 18 so this was 20 years ago. Oh.
Jen: I wanna, I want to write her myself.
Jen: You know, and talk to her myself now that I'm an adult, you know,
Jen: What and be like, Hey, what's up, I'll take a test, you know, because I have nothing to hide. You know, so
Richelle Direny: You got to be prepared down because it becomes very surreal when you when you engage down waters, you start throwing on waters to go to
Jen: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And then you find out, like, Oh, well, what you know it's somebody's
Jen: mom. My mom even said that I'm you know my father's daughter, because she was wasn't even with the guy at that time. I don't even look like the guy you know he's he's totally opposite from what I look like. But, you know, you never know. You never know.
Richelle Direny: You never know. But again, like you said, it's, I mean if
Richelle Direny: I wanted
Richelle Direny: If you feel like you have something to prove to your grandmother, then by all means, but you're everybody got to brace themselves. And I'm sure that you're going to probably just send it because she was upset with your mom for whatever reason.
Jen: Right. Right. And I know she's not. I mean I wouldn't come at her, like, Hey, you know, take this task, you know, but I just, you know, want to
Jen: get in contact with her again, you know, and say, Hey, I'm an adult now I want to have a relationship with you without me being a child and my mom being in the middle of it, you know, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. No.
Richelle Direny: That's. I mean, that's that will be noble of you. Um, now what about any kind of mental illness on in your family on either side.
Jen: Yeah, my dad's side. I don't know. My mom's side. Nope, nobody except for my mom. My mom has she's bipolar. And
Jen: Depression.
Jen: I don't know if you can still that mental illness but
Richelle Direny: Bipolar. Yes, yes.
Jen: Yes. I mean, yeah, there's man is if
Richelle Direny: There isn't you know there's depression, all of it, kind of, it's mixed in. It just depends on the severe
Jen: Actually she got diagnosed with those two
Richelle Direny: And she takes
Richelle Direny: A nap right
Jen: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes, some people
Richelle Direny: Because of the mental illness. Some people self medicate. And that's why you see that there's the increase in the drug use, because they're self made they use it right
Richelle Direny: They use it because of the, you know, the overwhelming emotions, whether the anxiety, the depression or whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: Some people use the drugs to it's not always because. Oh, it feels so nice and it tastes so wonderful. I mean it's it's
Richelle Direny: Right hand you're using it to self medicate and think about the years that maybe you
Richelle Direny: With your PTSD because of your past sexual trauma and I can see how that PTSD is related to eventually you going into
Richelle Direny: The kind of feel that you went into not not not to say that you grew up and says, hey, I would love to be a stripper one
Richelle Direny: But it's definitely related to, you know, the, the PTSD or the sexual trauma and the sense of it. Also, I could see the low self esteem that comes from it.
Richelle Direny: I'm not feeling necessarily loved and looking for love in all the wrong places. So there's there's so many that can tell spin out of it.
Richelle Direny: And then the drug use to help you get through it so it keeps you at somewhat of a high this out of body experience that allows you to do what you're doing continuously without feeling the arm you know and knowing
Richelle Direny: And being completely there in what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: Now, what about your brother.
Jen: Want to know
Richelle Direny: Lucy got diagnosed with a mental illness.
Jen: Now, he doesn't. I mean, doesn't go to the doctor.
Jen: For anything you know unless he has to. But now my mom never took him.
Jen: To the doctor for anything. I know, I'm sorry. He was, he had ADHD when he was a child.
Jen: And he was he was so hyper and my mom gave him the medication which calmed him down. But then he would gain a little bit of weight.
Jen: So that they were trying to give him medication that would calm them down, but yet not make them chunky because he's not. He is tall and thin, and he can eat your whole refrigerator and not you know gain a pound.
Jen: SO jealous of that but
Richelle Direny: You're all jealous of that.
Jen: Right. But I mean, he's only 24 anyways. But yeah. Now that you say that, yeah, when he was when he was a child. But other than that, he's never gone back to get any medication. Maybe that's why he smokes weed, you know, but he's not hyper anymore. What
Richelle Direny: Can we do not going to be hyper
Jen: Blah. Right. Right. But even if he doesn't smoke because he won't smoke it every day. But it's just I don't know he's an adult now so I don't know, I can't explain it. It's just, it's
Richelle Direny: Definitely a little bit. He's probably calmed down a little bit where he's not as hyper
Jen: Oh, yeah.
Jen: Yeah, you
Have any children.
Jen: No, I was pregnant once, but I did not have it. Mm hmm.
Jen: I was 17
Jen: Well, a month we took before, not even like two and a half weeks before I turned 17 I found out I was pregnant. I think
Jen: Because I only had sex like two times
Richelle Direny: In your mom was aware
Jen: Yeah, she's like, Oh, I already knew before you took the test because my I guess my emotions, you know, huh.
Richelle Direny: You
Jen: Yeah, I wasn't my mom didn't like I wasn't ready, you know, I was only 17 and I wasn't ready but then I would I change my mind. I'm like, we would go to the clinic.
Jen: To go get it. The procedure done and I was like, Okay, no, I'm not gonna do this I changed my mind. So we would leave. And then the next day. I'm like, Okay, well, I want to go back. So, I mean, I finally went back and did it, um, because I just, I guess I I felt like I wasn't ready, you know,
Jen: So that
Richelle Direny: emotionally and mentally. How was it after for you.
Jen: Oh god I stuck it was horrible, like, like there's still times that I'm like
Jen: Why did I do that.
Jen: Because, like, if the kid would have been like 21 years old right now. You know, my brother's age.
Jen: And I think
Jen: Like, I'm going to get emotional. Now, but
Jen: Like, I think maybe like my life would have been different, like one of the became a stripper and a druggie and what I went to college and had my shit together, you know,
Jen: And then I just wonder what you know my kid would have been like, and
Jen: You know, stuff like that. So it's hard for me sometimes.
Richelle Direny: It's okay. Have you ever had counseling to talk about that.
Jen: Oh yeah, like with everything you know like like I got over it. I mean, but it's just hard sometimes for me because like I said, Maybe I became a junkie.
Jen: And done something better with my life. No.
Richelle Direny: Hope.
Richelle Direny: The hope is that regardless if you do because life, life happens
Richelle Direny: That's not the only thing that you've gone through, you know, you have other things that you have gone through, you have experienced in life.
Richelle Direny: You know, life happens things happen to the decision. You may have are always based on your current circumstances. No one gets up and says, hey, you know what I want to do drugs and you like I said, you know, strip or do it. Nobody, nobody thinks that way.
Richelle Direny: Life happens you're in a situation. Sometimes you think that that's
Richelle Direny: The choices we make a lot of the times it's due to really overwhelming emotions that you don't know how to control and how to get through work through them in a healthy manner and sometimes you choose the the decisions you make. It's like you always
Richelle Direny: In life, all of us. We're always faced with a fork and
Jen: It's
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like a
Richelle Direny: What is it the fork with with what they call them sparks with the three there's you continue
Richelle Direny: On do you go
Richelle Direny: This direction or do you go that direction, but
Jen: Either direction you go
Richelle Direny: It doesn't really truly give you, um, it doesn't really tell you exactly what's on What's at the end or what the journey is going to look like.
Richelle Direny: You have an idea. And so you have to choose and sometimes depending on our life, our history, what we're going through in the current moment, sometimes you just want a relief from how you're feeling
Richelle Direny: And you take the easy road road stops you from feeling, but then those emotions is what makes you stronger in the end.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, but you know to say
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Jen: I was gonna say, and I'm and I was so young, like my mom had me when she was 19 and um and I didn't want to have a kid because I grew up poor you know like we didn't have nothing for nothing.
Jen: And I didn't want to have the kid and have my kid grow up like I grew up, and that is another reason why I became a dancer.
Jen: Because I told myself I don't ever want to live like the way I lived. When I was a child. So maybe those has something to do with it to
Jen: I mean my grandma. When I went to my grandma's house in my aunt's house they would spoil me but I didn't want to come home.
Jen: You know, I would cry, I'd be like, I don't want to go home because I know what's at home, waiting for me, whether it be the abuse no food, you know, going to school, getting made fun of because I never got new school clothes. You know what I mean.
Jen: So I didn't want my kid to be like that either, you know, girl, a poor like I did.
Richelle Direny: I mean, like I said, you know, things happen there. There's so many different things that happens in your life and we make the decisions we do. Um,
Richelle Direny: Weren't you were you now. You did say you have no pending. So you've never been married right
Jen: Right.
Jen: No married
Richelle Direny: There's your well
Jen: I know you say your brother has his
Jen: Young. Does he have children.
Jen: No, no.
Jen: Thank God.
Jen: He's been with the same girl since like 1617
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, that's good.
Yeah.
Jen: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Were you born. You were born and raised in Ohio.
Jen: Know I'm from Michigan. I was born in Pontiac Michigan um
Jen: And then I moved to Detroit in the suburbs of Detroit and then I met somebody on my space.
Jen: Yes, and I moved down here when I was like 25
Jen: So for this, this person that I should have just stayed up in Michigan, because that's where my family was all my friends were
Jen: Just everybody was there and I left everything everybody for this person that we were only together for three and a half years.
Jen: And then pretty much I was abandoned down here with no friends. I still don't have very many friends down here.
Jen: Um, it's just different that people are different down here. Um, I remember living and Brunswick.
Jen: Because we moved all my girlfriend was in Brunswick and I moved to Brunswick for the first six months until we move to Lakewood, which is outskirts of Cleveland. Um, but I went off into, like, I guess the ghetto.
Jen: At a place I didn't know with this drug, girl. I wanted to go get drugs and I got a gun to my head.
Jen: Oh wow, and and robbed you know in a bad part of town when that has never happened to me in Detroit ever so it's just Cleveland is a, it's a really, really different.
Jen: It's just different compared to Detroit. Detroit, maybe, like, people say, Oh, I feel sorry for you here from Detroit don't feel sorry for me because
Jen: The people are better up there. They're nicer. The real art, you know, I can't really explain it. It's just different. And I just wish I would have stayed up there. I mean, but that's what love will do
Jen: Bring it down here and I shouldn't move back up there, but I don't know why did it.
Jen: Well,
Richelle Direny: They always say, you know, the grass is always greener on the other side until you get there.
Richelle Direny: And when well it's not even that green
Jen: Right.
Jen: The Mirage is just me. Right. I should have stayed on my side of the grass.
Richelle Direny: There you go. There you go.
Richelle Direny: And now you're you are currently working right.
Jen: No, I'm not working. I do like I clean a couple friends houses like under the table, but it's nothing. You know, I can't, you know, it's pretty much I'm trying to get my food stamps back. It's just I can't afford nothing right now.
Richelle Direny: Also with the cleaning that you do. That's how you're able to pay for your, your place where you staying right now.
Jen: I get Section eight I was I was blessed. That's one thing I was blessed when I was in treatment when I was in Matt Talbot
Jen: When they do the raffle or you put your name in there and I've never heard of food. Sam Section eight ever you know in my life.
Jen: And I'm because you know I'm making enough money, not just sitting up say anything bad but um and my counselor was like, Why don't you put your name.
Jen: You know, in the RAF fall. And I'm like, Okay. Might as well to try it out and they picked my name. So I got Section eight and by the grace of God. I found something because it is really, really hard to find something nice in Cleveland, that takes Section eight
Jen: Yeah, really, really hard.
Richelle Direny: Section eight on a whole it's very hard to to get
Jen: Right, so, um, so yeah, so that is paid for. So what I just have to pay far as the lights and the gas, which I'm a little behind on I'm in food which I was getting food stamps for a while, but then they cut me off. So I'm trying to get them back.
Jen: So it's a little rough right now.
Richelle Direny: Oh, come
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's look. Um,
Richelle Direny: No. Were you in group you are in group last Thursday.
Jen: No, I did not because for some reason I thought it was Wednesday I was cleaning my house and then for some reason, I looked at my clock because I missed the call.
Jen: And I just so happened because it says the date underneath the time
Jen: And it said Thursday. I'm like, no, I thought today was Wednesday. So it was like, I think it was a 132 o'clock, so I called you guys right away. And I said, I'm so sorry I missed group, I need to make an appointment with
Jen: You know, the doctor and I just seen the doctor earlier today, and I apologize. And I said, um, I guess I was just, you know, and the wrong day, you know, but I haven't, like you said, a little timer on my clock or on my phone now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no, no.
Jen: Me neither. Yeah, no.
Richelle Direny: I had someone they missed the whole day they like skipped out a whole day so
Jen: That's how I think it was
Richelle Direny: I think you froze.
Jen: Sorry, one out.
Jen: But yeah, but I'll be there this Thursday. And I told
Jen: I told her I was like, Don't worry, I'm not going to miss anymore because I'm not trying to get kicked out and I go by the rules. You know, I listen to the rules. I'm not a rule breaker.
Richelle Direny: Well, starting this Thursday, there's going to be two groups, they're going to be the one at 12
Jen: Right, the
Richelle Direny: Other one at and another one at six o'clock.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: At least now you have if you miss group, the earlier group whatever reason you can have. You can you have the opportunity to to make it up at six o'clock or to attend to six o'clock, whichever is best for you.
Jen: OK, OK. I usually like the noon.
Richelle Direny: The noon.
Jen: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let me schedule schedule an appointment for you.
Richelle Direny: To follow up where we'll go over at that point. Then we'll determine like how often will will meet for individuals. Okay.
Jen: We
Richelle Direny: Will see an individual therapists outside
Jen: Know, because I quit because you guys said that you guys see me.
Jen: So I just
Jen: Yeah, so I just quit. Actually, I think it was last week or two weeks ago.
Jen: Um, whenever this virus thing had but on because if you guys, I'm not going to go to my therapist if you guys you know are going to see me to because you know I don't like repeating myself over and over again.
Richelle Direny: And I do agree if you're seeing a therapist outside I
Richelle Direny: Mean it wouldn't be beneficial to you to see one again. Um, how about on the 15th for
Jen: Okay.
Jen: April 5 or okay
Richelle Direny: I'll send you. I'll send you a reminder for that. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so I always and I always try to I used to do the reminders, the day before, but I find that
Richelle Direny: It's better to do it like the day of
Richelle Direny: I just find that people remember more responsive.
Richelle Direny: When I do right instead of the day before.
Jen: Right. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then, my dear. So thanks again, thank you so much again for meeting and we will see each other.
Richelle Direny: In two weeks, or we'll see each other this Thursday.
Jen: Yeah, yeah. Sorry. I talked to your ear off for the whole
Jen: Hour.
Richelle Direny: You're good. That's what we're supposed to be for your good
Jen: Ronnie. Okay.
Jen: Alright, see you Thursday.
Jen: Bye.
Richelle Direny: Hi Melanie, hold on. One moment.
Richelle Direny: Alright, I switched
Me.
Richelle Direny: Know, because have you heard the screen or had you on was about to restart.
Melonie Powers: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Well, what time is it there for you. I'm Melanie
Melonie Powers: 558
Richelle Direny: Also your Eastern Standard Time.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Melonie Powers: Are you not
Richelle Direny: I am but you're in Tennessee. I thought you guys were
Melonie Powers: I'm in North
Melonie Powers: Yeah, I'm in Tennessee. So I we fall into Eastern
Richelle Direny: What do you also, you go to the group sun Wednesday.
Melonie Powers: Now, yes, so
Melonie Powers: So tomorrow I'll actually be in group.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow,
Melonie Powers: Yeah, well, because I'm trying to catch up with you because we missed the last appointment.
Melonie Powers: So I need to, you know, talk to you and then tomorrow for yes
Richelle Direny: Awesome fuse. You go to group on Tuesdays, or on Wednesdays.
Melonie Powers: Are ya know on Wednesday on Wednesday. Thank
Richelle Direny: You hahaha
Melonie Powers: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Okay, one thing
Richelle Direny: One. Give me just a minute here. Let me just play catch up with, I have to schedule an appointment is give me a minute.
Richelle Direny: So how is everything going with you, given that you're on.
Richelle Direny: With with the corona with everything and you know a lot of places shutting down
Melonie Powers: Well, I've been home.
Melonie Powers: Because all of the stuff that I was doing
Melonie Powers: Was in Walmart.
Melonie Powers: And pharmacies, you know, resetting for these merchandising, and all that stuff. So I've been on I and I actually got sick.
Melonie Powers: To do one final reset.
Melonie Powers: That
Melonie Powers: But they don't have. They didn't have test. So this is like right now about three weeks later, you know, and I don't know. I could have just had a call that could have flu. You know what I mean.
Melonie Powers: I know I had the fever, and I had a call for a couple of days and then
Melonie Powers: My body hurts so bad, it just
Melonie Powers: But then also, I know that a twist my back out because I was picking out boxes that the guys usually pick up that I was moving on my way and I just made this wrong, because I can pick it up correctly because I wear my cell phone.
Melonie Powers: It doesn't matter. I just twisted the wrong way and then now my back.
Melonie Powers: Reversing sun. And so I need to go back to my back doctor to figure out what I did do it. Number one, and
Melonie Powers: Okay, and then
Melonie Powers: What they can do to if they can inject it or whatever they might be able to do. And then also, I went
Melonie Powers: You know, I've been working trying to save the money to get my teeth work done. And because I have this one right you know in the front, almost not that one apartment there.
Melonie Powers: And it's broken literally in half and then. So when I saw my regular, normal doctor she put me on air about it was hurting and probably because of being sick, you know, my whole system is down.
Richelle Direny: But did you get tested.
Melonie Powers: No, they don't have test. I know just now starting to get this like this week.
Melonie Powers: We can I just saw her, I saw her when I was done with it. Like I had already been home for two weeks and I literally
Melonie Powers: On that 14th day she and I just happened to have that appointment.
Melonie Powers: I see her every three months.
Melonie Powers: But I just, it just happened to fall on the 14th day so I got my return to work and I wasn't having a fever and like that anymore. So when I called the oral surgeon, because this is considered an emergency, especially that it's infected, you know, broken
Melonie Powers: They don't have the year. The only thing they can do is pull it. So what I need to have done is for them. The yes bullet, but be able to put something temporary temporarily in place until they're able to put
Melonie Powers: One of those
Melonie Powers: Fake, you know, a
Richelle Direny: Marshal
Melonie Powers: Will they'll have to do that at first that will while it's healing, but then they fix the post field post in there was a call.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I think a post like a part of something that they put in there like a temporary
Melonie Powers: They so on.
Richelle Direny: Temporary cap and then when you go back to get the actual thing.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, and they'll put a
Richelle Direny: Okay, you
Melonie Powers: Know like it's a
Melonie Powers: It's like a replacement to say drill up in New York on because it's so close to the front of my mom, you know, I'm. Oh, I don't want to have
Melonie Powers: That adventure. I can't do that.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're too young for that you can't be
Melonie Powers: Good at 47 my god you know in my whole family. My whole family either like that we were born with, like we all have naturally straight these
Melonie Powers: Are our whole lives that they're really weak from the inside out in
Melonie Powers: Is the thing that was run
Melonie Powers: By whatever. So, but they can't do anything because the dentists are operating. They don't have any
Melonie Powers: facemask 30 so they've been ordered shut down. So until
Melonie Powers: Until
Melonie Powers: Okay, okay. But until he gets this shit together and can help the country. Get back on its feet and stable, we can act like the United States of America again.
Melonie Powers: I can't get this done.
Melonie Powers: I
Richelle Direny: Just said, you know,
Richelle Direny: He tried. He tried to do it for Easter. He tried to get it up and running for Eastern
Melonie Powers: Yeah, whatever.
Melonie Powers: Those numbers psycho psycho.
Melonie Powers: Sorry.
Melonie Powers: I
Don't see that
Richelle Direny: Listen, hey, you know what, you know,
Melonie Powers: I know I should wish that
Richelle Direny: Everyone has their blemishes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Everyone that's that's a big seat to sit in. It's a lot. It's a lot for them to handle but
Melonie Powers: You know, I don't care.
Melonie Powers: This man's a moron. He can barely walk and other happen and
Melonie Powers: Then this man is it
Melonie Powers: He's making smart enough just to listen to the smart people that are around them like
Melonie Powers: You know that takes them that takes a level of intelligence to go hey you know more about this. You tell me.
Melonie Powers: Let's just go through the whole pandemic plan and the whole office and network we had up and running in case something happened and fire. Mom, you can go
Melonie Powers: Get that whole 61 page book that tells you exactly what to do script that
Melonie Powers: This man. Come on.
Richelle Direny: Listen. Regardless, I mean, I'm sure he makes you laugh sometimes the things that he says, and
Richelle Direny: You really just have to learn what do you, what else are you going to do, just watch because just like really
Melonie Powers: You know what I yeah I vote. That's all I can do.
Melonie Powers: And I did. I wanted in the primary
Melonie Powers: And the library.
Richelle Direny: That's all you can do. And you hope that it is your vote does count in that something comes of it and everything works out. Okay, that's all you can do. But overall, how was everything on the homefront how's everything been going
Melonie Powers: Um let
Melonie Powers: Me just get along.
Melonie Powers: You know,
Richelle Direny: More civil
Melonie Powers: War. Well, yeah, we would yeah know
Melonie Powers: I don't want to fight every day and you don't want to fight he knows when to leave, you know, like, as I say, I started taking my hormone pills.
Melonie Powers: And if I get too many of those or do I go off the deep end. But, you know, we have two dogs here and
Melonie Powers: I've got one dogs that are all the time. I had to give them a special slows down and eating and another one that when he gets afraid he says on the floor and with that wood floors and clean streets and
Melonie Powers: almost obsessive compulsive cleaner, you know,
Melonie Powers: And I haven't had the damn. You know what I mean. And so I start screaming basically everybody knows
Richelle Direny: Everybody knows, even though the dogs and the cats know it's time to go.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, they'll
Melonie Powers: The dogs like throw aside because I can't you know these are recipes all of her doctor rescue animals eat. I can't beat them. It's like he just wants to get out of my house.
Melonie Powers: And then the cat now. So my cat is so old that he's walking around and he's got, you know, little clumps of poop coming out of this. But you don't even realize it.
Richelle Direny: And he's an older dog.
Melonie Powers: Is the cat. That's my cat Herschel
Melonie Powers: Oh, we gotta go to the bed and
Melonie Powers: We'll see you know about. I'm more concerned about his quality of life you know these guys.
Melonie Powers: You know, we'll see what's going on. I don't know. None of that scenario and he's definitely gonna go to bed.
Melonie Powers: So it's I meant to call today, but I was dealing with
Melonie Powers: bankruptcy attorney and we were talking about
Melonie Powers: Social Security disability and
Melonie Powers: This year I only made 3085 tell her.
Melonie Powers: From working
Richelle Direny: For the whole year.
Melonie Powers: For the whole year.
Richelle Direny: But when you make that little you still file taxes.
Melonie Powers: As 3000 well my we we filed jointly it pay our tax returns, up to 30 $400
Melonie Powers: If we file separately. Way down to like 600 bucks a person live something and that I'm trying to find out with the attorney. That's why I've been saving money, who's an attorney why men doing all the hard work. It shouldn't be doing it messes me up, but I'm
Melonie Powers: So I'm trying to figure out how we can file our taxes jointly and protect him from my student loan.
Melonie Powers: Because I don't have an income right now, not
Richelle Direny: When she saw, wouldn't you do it jointly but separately.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, that lowers our
Richelle Direny: Theory, but separate
Melonie Powers: Right, but that lower third car down to like $1,000 getting like 3600 back
Melonie Powers: So I'm trying to figure out that so
Melonie Powers: I'm journey, a copy of because we've already got them done. It shows both ways, you know, just, I don't know how I'm feeling.
Melonie Powers: In 2000 2003 you know there's any interest for all these years. Another for $34,000
Melonie Powers: Something crazy. I know. And I can't. I know they can't go away and bankruptcy. But the reality is, you know, just even trying to put put put my garden in, you know, the last couple days just the bending.
Melonie Powers: I've had so much going on my back. They did the receiver to
Melonie Powers: Yeah, they did the procedure for all of arthritis on my else to down on both sides.
Melonie Powers: But then I also have a bulging disc. Can I have a very big phones for on the lower side. And then over here I have where the SI joint was literally pulled out. So just trying to do things and it messes everything up. So if I sit for too long.
Melonie Powers: If I lay the wrong way. If I stand for too long. Everything is a disaster.
Melonie Powers: And then when that is Jay, just really like my job. You know, like testing. When the customers. We do have that. But you know when you're dealing with shit like that all time. I don't have a temperament. I'll have that
Melonie Powers: Yesterday, no, no. I know how to
Melonie Powers: Have that control.
Melonie Powers: And then that could also be from, you know,
Melonie Powers: Through my head. Pretty good.
Richelle Direny: Oh you talking about when was it the overdose. You're talking about
Melonie Powers: But there was a purpose. I mean,
I just how long ago.
Melonie Powers: That was
Melonie Powers: November.
Melonie Powers: 2018
Melonie Powers: And I succeeded.
Richelle Direny: You said, then you
Melonie Powers: They brought me that
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Melonie Powers: But, you know,
Melonie Powers: They brought me back.
Richelle Direny: So you're, you're still your time is still to be with us.
Melonie Powers: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's not your time. Did you how when
Richelle Direny: was the last time you talk to your son.
Melonie Powers: Um, or we mostly tonight.
Melonie Powers: Is the last week I texted with my son.
Melonie Powers: Know how you doing, what's going on.
Melonie Powers: Hopefully him and
Melonie Powers: Visit this summer, trying to get my mom to come up here. But yeah, I don't
Melonie Powers: Have it there, the best thing that she said, in order for that.
Melonie Powers: Fight, fight.
Richelle Direny: Where she in Florida. She's in the keys, where you used to live in May.
Richelle Direny: What is that marathon.
Melonie Powers: Know they used to be. But then they move to Ruskin which is Tampa area.
Richelle Direny: You said where
Melonie Powers: Ruskin is around the Tampa.
Melonie Powers: Tampa.
Melonie Powers: And that's where they live. Now because my dad transferred out of us.
Melonie Powers: Fish comfy restaurant near me. So the three transfer dope. And then the one one.
Melonie Powers: Example of the open their whole require out of their security, but he didn't take care of all the sites that
Melonie Powers: You
Richelle Direny: Know you're dead, Dad.
Richelle Direny: Your dad still works.
Melonie Powers: He does is he, he's got like a year or something. La.
Melonie Powers: Maybe not even that long.
Melonie Powers: No barriers.
Melonie Powers: Mm hmm. With me
Melonie Powers: That
Melonie Powers: He's done. He's like, don't ever call me for money.
Melonie Powers: And I have it.
Melonie Powers: I don't call it for money. I don't call for money anymore. Usually every once in a while.
Melonie Powers: I'll call Mom. It was really funny. And he hey
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no, um, so, but I mean overall in your parents are doing with, especially with everything going on, especially in Florida know specifically in that area.
Richelle Direny: They're doing they're doing okay.
Melonie Powers: Yeah. Well, I, I talked to my mom and she said finally just this past week, last couple days, they
Melonie Powers: Shut down, you know, we finally shut down.
Melonie Powers: My dad had so many health problems, but he still had to show up every day. You know what I mean. And just, you know, so finally, they shut them down and
Melonie Powers: I don't know if me is on, you know, for him, you know that we're making us all of his vacation days with all the years she's got any awfully got
Melonie Powers: This being a New Year three to four weeks of vacation time to us before then he would have a way to lead. You know what I mean, he could, we could be he could be back to normal. By then, if it's depending on how it hits Tampa and all
Melonie Powers: That we're out here on the country and there's just
Melonie Powers: There's not much
Melonie Powers: You know,
Richelle Direny: Going on where you
Melonie Powers: Well, there's i mean it's it's here. Definitely. But, um, you know, it doesn't work. You're tired and
Melonie Powers: I'm not doing anything. So
Richelle Direny: So he's home. He's home as well.
Richelle Direny: So how is that for you. Does it increase your anxiety or you know just how was that for you that you're both a home.
Richelle Direny: stuck at home.
Melonie Powers: Well,
So that
Is
Melonie Powers: Why, you know, why do I want to argue
Melonie Powers: That you know
Melonie Powers: Things. He can't fix it.
And
Melonie Powers: You know, we have three and a half acres property here we've got, there's always something to do with the garden always
Melonie Powers: Have
Melonie Powers: Feelings of, you know, and he's, you know,
Melonie Powers: He is. He is to basically, you know, the two dogs and a voice you know there's we keep this
Melonie Powers: I know you probably see me walk around with a phone. This place is huge.
Melonie Powers: You know, it's very easy to define her so I say mostly there. He says will clean the kitchen at BB BB
Richelle Direny: Oh, you're saying the home. Your home is pretty large. So there is
Richelle Direny: OK, OK, OK. I mean, because you even have. I know you said that you live in a pretty big property.
Richelle Direny: Because I know sometimes you say you told me you like swimming
Melonie Powers: Pool was getting ready to be redone and packages that empty and trying to clean it or finding getting we kind of bring in like three tons of fans.
Melonie Powers: New liner.
Melonie Powers: The new underlying or doesn't know anything about the last people that did this fool didn't do it.
Melonie Powers: In a good way. So now it's gotta be fit.
Melonie Powers: And
Melonie Powers: We're having a new roof, but on because the wind, you know, all these forms that have come through. So we've got the clean insurance. We have roofers come in.
Melonie Powers: To do the roof and
Melonie Powers: Then my garden like next to the pool. You know what I mean that I and I enlarged it this year and I put in
Melonie Powers: To blackberry bushes to raspberry bushes and last year. Strawberries are coming through, like, am
Also you plant vegetation and all these different things.
Melonie Powers: Yeah. Well, last year was my first garden here and I learned a lot about that. And a lot of things come up and grow. So I think I've got my soil. Right. And I've got my spacing. Right.
Melonie Powers: Things like that. This year, but like the fruit stuff is out on the Hill back there because I want these to be busy halfway, because we were that's another thing battling a carpenter bees right now they litter. There's so many out there, they bump up against it goes. So you just got
Melonie Powers: To have the Hastings as the full of these that are to him, and then he walks around with the spray on their whole it's under the stack and
Melonie Powers: You know, something that we have to get on top of it soon as they start with, we got a good
Richelle Direny: Seems like your property alone keeps you very very busy.
Melonie Powers: Yeah.
Melonie Powers: We already have to mow the lawn.
Melonie Powers: But we have a writing more. And that's an inside joke for my back out again. It was wet. If it rains that, you know, a day and a half later, I went out tomorrow, we have on on the hills.
Melonie Powers: I mean, like, and so the first time that I got stuck. I tried to yank it out myself. Like, you know, the john deere
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Melonie Powers: And then I get stuck again and then I called him to help me and but I hurt my back so bad that this today's the first day that I've been up late.
Melonie Powers: And I don't mean without pain. I mean, this is I've had consistently my my patches on and my medications work, but this was the first day that I was able to get back out, check on the garden that I didn't do anything out there today just sprinkled some like snail stuff you
Melonie Powers: Know stuff out. But I didn't do anything because I can't
Melonie Powers: I don't want to hurt myself.
Melonie Powers: No, it was that so
Richelle Direny: This time being home. It sounds like you guys are. You're both looking at all the things that needs to be done around the property around the house and start working on getting those things done together.
Melonie Powers: Now they've added be done.
Richelle Direny: Well, it seems like a great time to maybe have some one on one conversations and just, you know, outside of just being civil but just kind of iron through some of the, you know,
Richelle Direny: Maybe
Richelle Direny: The things that you guys have just work on the relationship. Overall, or you're just not necessarily there.
Melonie Powers: What happened, you know,
Melonie Powers: That happened.
Melonie Powers: I don't know.
Melonie Powers: Mentally, we all get over it.
Melonie Powers: You know, someday that probably not.
Richelle Direny: Well, listen, I mean, no matter what it is, no matter how big or small, you can. It's to say to get over it is to say that
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: How can I put it, because you can't just get over something you have to come to have your full both parties have to be fully aware of the issues.
Richelle Direny: Both party has to come to some kind of acknowledgement of the issues that's causing the demise of the relationship, the breakdown in the communication.
Richelle Direny: The emotional discourse is causing on each other. So to say to get over it, it means that you don't want to acknowledge you don't want to talk about. You don't want to work through
Richelle Direny: All of the issues. So there's the concept of sweeping it all under the carpet. But then eventually it grows into a big mountain
Melonie Powers: Mountain party there you know it's you know it's been brought up. He's apologize.
Melonie Powers: For any
Change.
Melonie Powers: You know,
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: But then it comes from. Do you, would you like to because
Richelle Direny: The other thing is, I mean, I have all the other issues, your findings in the financial problems. And I know you're working on that.
Richelle Direny: Through bankruptcy, you have your underlining medical issues. That's just things that those are yours that you're working through you also have
Richelle Direny: The strain in the relationship with your son and working through that. So those are things that are yours to those are yours.
Richelle Direny: But then the other piece of it is the relationship. So all of that collectively all of these individual things are pretty big things.
Richelle Direny: That can impact our mental stability or mental and emotional stability and if you know going through the healing process. If you don't work through them. The question is, what are you healing.
Well, you
Melonie Powers: Know when I go to work and you know I lose my temper.
Melonie Powers: You know and do thing.
Melonie Powers: Just like you know these last few years I was obviously apparently
Melonie Powers: Not been able to hold a job.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Melonie Powers: You know, and or and or get hired because of them through so many jobs and then I go man that looks awful nobody will hire me.
Melonie Powers: And then, you know, I've got appointments that you know like I I canceled.
Melonie Powers: My gynecologist I can't hold my, my bad doctor I canceled.
Melonie Powers: My LG doctor because I was, I was working, you know, it's like they tell you the last minute, what your things are going to be. But when I was doing, you know, I can take
Melonie Powers: Like the one week when the last
Melonie Powers: Session, we had and what I thought was last Monday session. It took those days off.
Melonie Powers: We didn't matter all second everything that's going on anyway. And because I had already hurt my back and I was done with it.
Melonie Powers: But the route, but I was able to schedule that you know not asked for work those days to get even get it approved so I had taken those days off. But, you know, just trying to try to I'm trying to save money to do all this stuff. But, you know, then I'm neglecting other things that
Melonie Powers: You know, need to be handled and especially with my back because Lucky me bad there's just, you know, you know, I'm heading towards this event.
Melonie Powers: You know, I've always been, I've always been
Melonie Powers: You know, been dealing with that stuff my you know that car accident and they told me that when I got older, that I was going to really pay for it.
Melonie Powers: And they weren't getting, you know, they weren't lying. And that's what I'm dealing with now it's time for us as we were you know let me stop diving, you know, because I couldn't win the current get out of the water and then you know go work and stuff because of the 30 myself.
Melonie Powers: Even diary and
Melonie Powers: Made it
Richelle Direny: So from from back in your days of diet. Did you hurt your back at one point in diving.
Melonie Powers: Well, it's just, it's just gotten hurt passively board with all the arthritis that song for haven't heard, you know, the whole thing is all the different things that keep adding on to it.
Melonie Powers: I can
Melonie Powers: I can swim. You know what I mean.
Melonie Powers: Is that it's a lot different than being under the water by your current you know we do our deep dive like you're hanging out.
Melonie Powers: You know, you're very deep water and the curses from your body is sideways your woman aligned on one hand, and you're holding your literally breathe around the you know the other, but your side with me.
Melonie Powers: Trying to get down and then once you let go, you got it. You know, you've got to be able to
Melonie Powers: And I can't do it anymore.
Melonie Powers: And that was several years ago, you know,
Melonie Powers: That has stopped that.
Melonie Powers: Now I can get. And I guess when because it's different. I'm in a controlled environment here, you know, and I for
Melonie Powers: It was different, even when I was just so you know, with my floater you know areas in the key. You know, we can calm.
Melonie Powers: Not big ocean thing, you know, I mean, though, it's the ocean. But if you don't have wave read like surfer, anything like that, you know,
Melonie Powers: So I could just go out there and chill and relax and not not worry about it.
You know,
Melonie Powers: Change.
Richelle Direny: I mean it. Like I said, it is it is a lot individually going on. I'm not individually meaning like there's a lot of individual things, I should say.
Richelle Direny: That you have
Richelle Direny: Gone through that definitely
Richelle Direny: You know affects your emotional and mental state of mind to be able to process it all so
Richelle Direny: When you look at the in the grand scheme of things, everything that you have going on.
Richelle Direny: It's really hard to
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like what do I address. How do I, how do I go about address it and then just also just life's life's changes.
Richelle Direny: In all the changes and are you
Richelle Direny: Are you mentally ready for a lot of those changes that life comes with
Melonie Powers: No.
Melonie Powers: And but then the question is,
Richelle Direny: You're not ready for it as it's coming. Regardless if you want to slow it down or not it's going to come
Richelle Direny: You know, how is that affecting you know how is that having an impact on you.
Melonie Powers: What is my self esteem. Mm hmm. Like you know my think I finally knock on wood along the third month of a totally different way of dealing with my skin.
Melonie Powers: You've got it pretty cleared up without scars are still there. A couple of little breakouts, but nothing like what it was. So
Melonie Powers: For some, you know, I get into such a pissy about things like I get so wound up and in and I mean long term.
Melonie Powers: You know, so for all these years I've been, you know, strip in my stand and trying to turn like false over you know all these claims they make it really was.
Melonie Powers: Taken all the oils out burning my skin and hurting myself. Finally,
Melonie Powers: I was reading this article. And just finally done them in your corner about the fall, wanting to be gentle and you need to be seeing like right now I'm using, like, I'm like a cream cleanser and then the toner that I have is not like a which is moisturizing toner.
Melonie Powers: Fermented stuff and all this crap. And then I put on like a colloidal silver fight bacteria. And then I put on 100% you know
Melonie Powers: Fully organic small batch produce moisturizers now and then I switched my makeup and I'm like, what was the one thing. Should I would be my 35, you know, so now I'm using, you know, make a hook that shouldn't let you know that I had to change my thinking.
Melonie Powers: Of course, you know, a lot of things, but not sticking with it now for three months.
Melonie Powers: huge improvement way huge and so I'm still have my breakout they heal way faster and
Melonie Powers: So that helps me because that that helps me a lot, actually.
Melonie Powers: Because I don't feel self conscious
Melonie Powers: These are me. I just, you know, I didn't want to
Richelle Direny: So when you started changing
Richelle Direny: Your mindset when you started changing your mindset and then you started embracing the you now and making changes accordingly. How did that start making you feel in terms of your, your self esteem.
Melonie Powers: Well, I mean, I feel better. Like, I'll go out and now it you know I don't feel. I don't have to wear makeup and I'm not constantly
Melonie Powers: Trying to reapply before I walk into a store or something you know i mean i don't because you can still see the red spots and stuff, but I'm not. They're not losing open and they're not
Melonie Powers: This horrible thing that they were that just were getting completely infected with all the time.
Melonie Powers: You know, and I would never be able to stop messing with them nothing. I have this little pimple patches, because I'll sit there and just subconsciously a little, I will speak with a little patches.
Melonie Powers: And then so when I got a message.
Melonie Powers: They're covered up, you know, have you seen the little thing.
Melonie Powers: Like
Melonie Powers: There's like little
Melonie Powers: There they come in different sizes.
Melonie Powers: Like
Melonie Powers: There's like four left on the sheet.
Melonie Powers: But case be
Richelle Direny: Well, they are. Yeah, yeah. This little thing.
Melonie Powers: So you just put their put him on top. Oh, at night, like the only reason I have makeup on.
Melonie Powers: Right now is because, well, I'm getting on the phone.
Melonie Powers: When I get that. I'll take all mimic
Richelle Direny: You put on makeup to see me.
Melonie Powers: Shower, but I mean, yeah, then down eight. So you got our family.
Melonie Powers: Time you know
Melonie Powers: I don't want to say was neglecting myself because it's you.
Melonie Powers: Know,
Melonie Powers: And it's overwhelming and you know enough to walk, walk upstairs a shower and they go, no, you know,
Richelle Direny: It does do something to you know make you feel good when you, you know, kind of get the especially if you've been in the house for a week or two, and you're not doing anything. So then you start
Richelle Direny: You know, putting on your, your girlfriends or whatever you do. I mean, it does, it does give you some boost in your self esteem and just your self worth, and how you look, it makes you look good, or feel good.
I would say
Melonie Powers: Like I like but I'm also a customer that is because, like in my symbol. It's been so bad, like that I would do that anyway.
Melonie Powers: So there you know and it's the same thing with group and except for I showed
Melonie Powers: One group and I had just one of those nights when I was looking at home in the morning and
Melonie Powers: For your fitness and I had to go back
Melonie Powers: Excuse me from the group, please, because I can't sleep, you know, that was the only time I think I've ever seen any without, you know,
Melonie Powers: That way we don't want it, but
Richelle Direny: It comes, it comes down to mind over matter too because um it's thinking about it like this, the concept that
Richelle Direny: You think like, Oh, I gotta do this because you know I'm going to be on camera, and everybody's going to see me and I need to put on my makeup in this than the other.
Richelle Direny: The reality is, remember, it's just, it's your it's your mind. It's how you see yourself you're seeing like I'm if you look into the camera.
Richelle Direny: Yes, you see me. I see you, but I also see a reflection of myself. And when I see that reflection of myself. I am going to critique everything I see because I see all the things that I personally don't feel comfortable with.
Melonie Powers: That's what I'm seeing right now because
Richelle Direny: I see.
Richelle Direny: The things that
Richelle Direny: I don't feel comfortable with. I think that's all you're looking at. And so, and that's vice versa, naturally, that's how we are, it kind of goes back to when you were a teenager. And you remember when you would have
Richelle Direny: The zits or the pimples and you would have one that will get really big you
Richelle Direny: Know, huge you feel like Pinocchio
Richelle Direny: In that moment, man. You think everyone sees you like Pinocchio, or the one that just have these big exits on your face. And guess what
Richelle Direny: Because you're so self conscious of it you, it affects your self esteem effects how you look affects how you feel about yourself.
Richelle Direny: But nobody really is paying attention until you pointed out, because nobody. It's all of your mental what you see the imperfections and that's mentally it just your mind just blows up all of your imperfections and you're the only one that's struggling with it. No one sees it, so
Richelle Direny: That's why it goes back to you have to love the you that you see in the mirror you no matter what it is.
Richelle Direny: What all with all of it's an
Richelle Direny: Important one is perfect. So you have to love the you that you see. But you think that no one loves the you that you see, because you are not so fond of the you that you see.
Richelle Direny: And that's, that's really what it comes down to. You're not very fond of it. So, because you're not fond of it. You think that no, no one and it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: You will think to yourself, and this is just an example. You'll think to yourself, well, my husband doesn't love me, my husband doesn't care. My husband doesn't this well. The question is, do you love you.
Richelle Direny: Do you care about you. Because then it's all about how you feel.
Richelle Direny: And if you feel that way. You're then going to take that feeling and put it on that next individual and no matter what that individual is saying to you.
Richelle Direny: You're never going to believe what that individual says to you, because those are things that those are the emotions that you struggle with because of what your internal battles are has nothing to do with the other person like for
Melonie Powers: liking you know saying
Melonie Powers: I don't know that you know night and I said hey, you know, and especially, you know,
Melonie Powers: Well, you know, when I went through that whole foods. I think that was my third tried. I got it done.
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: And I've always said after that, you know, have a lot of regards to my own life.
Melonie Powers: I haven't three years.
Melonie Powers: I still don't.
Richelle Direny: Because the question is do you love you.
Melonie Powers: Wow.
Richelle Direny: And so that's where you have to start so on. So, oftentimes you seek it out from other people, but then no one will ever satisfy
Richelle Direny: That what you're missing on the inside because you have to, you have to identify what is it, what is it that you're not within you that you're not satisfied. No one will ever meet those expectations that you set for yourself. No one will ever meet it.
Melonie Powers: You know, so
Melonie Powers: He goes in.
Melonie Powers: Myself. Well, first of all, isolate yourself. But then, secondly, you know, it can be
Melonie Powers: You know, just reinforce that whole
Melonie Powers: Thing.
Richelle Direny: But then I remember you saying that I think
Richelle Direny: Yes, and I think you said that you had. What is it your first husband that was very, very abusive.
Melonie Powers: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Melonie Powers: But before your mobile phone, her husband was, Hey, I got married. Once in Las Vegas.
Melonie Powers: I got married one day is that guy left him well. But my first time when I left him while he's in the shower so afraid of them I was may, of course, a senior, I was gonna you had any inclination. I was gonna leave you know the car keys on all that but I spent my kids.
Melonie Powers: My mom's and I planned the whole thing. And he got shower, I
Melonie Powers: Took it
Melonie Powers: All
Melonie Powers: And then that's a met Daniel. So my second husband, the one that full 15 years in the world. You know, I met him while I was still married and running from the first
Richelle Direny: Literally run
Richelle Direny: So what abandoned know where I was.
Richelle Direny: So what about you, what is the
Richelle Direny: What was the relationship
With your father.
Melonie Powers: Well,
Melonie Powers: It is this pretty much me trying to say what is, you know, my mother, I left a third story about being window out of an apartment into, like, eight months pregnant with me. He
Melonie Powers: Sent my sister author, he, he and my sister birthday is it my Otter cars and I got nothing from that man. And then when he got, you know, cancer.
Melonie Powers: Lung cancer, you know,
Melonie Powers: He tried to come to Colorado and a piece and I tried to do that because that wasn't a relationship. I never was. So when I say that my dad, you know, I'm talking about my mom has been with us. And what about 11 and a half years old he's he's
Richelle Direny: My window and
Melonie Powers: Yeah. So when I talk when I say my dad right now. I'm always talking about my stuff, Dad.
Melonie Powers: That then there. Yeah, I mean, I'm not talking about my real father, he said.
Richelle Direny: Okay. But then your step that the relationship with your step dad was really good.
Melonie Powers: Know, because you can't meet that man and you can never do anything right for him and
Melonie Powers: Nothing ever good enough.
Melonie Powers: Laughing I do it.
Richelle Direny: Comes down to the struggles that you have with men all stem from the main men in your life.
Richelle Direny: And the main men that were in your life or your biological
Richelle Direny: Father and Your stepfather. They those main individual that was supposed to
Richelle Direny: Pretty much set the stage for you in terms of what you desire.
Richelle Direny: In men, how, how
Richelle Direny: To judge the characteristic of a quality.
Richelle Direny: Man who loves and support his wife and his family. It's what you got, growing up was not a very good example of that so often time the love that you're looking for.
Richelle Direny: Through these and I think we've talked about this in the past through all of these relationships that you've been in lately is a little girl inside of you that was looking for for it from her father her biological father or the men that were in her life when she was growing up.
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's why it's important to have a mom and a dad because they each teach you something different.
Richelle Direny: They each teach you how to
Melonie Powers: Love, how to respect how to
Richelle Direny: Value yourself different ways from two different perspective. But your father.
Richelle Direny: Really teaches you you know the expectations that you have of men in your life comes really from your dad. And if that was distorted from day one. Ultimately, what will happen in all of the relationships that you're in. So you're you're seeking
Richelle Direny: The type of loving affection or attention.
Richelle Direny: Based on what you're desiring from your biological from one your biological or your stepfather, whoever those men were in your life growing up and they based on what you're saying. Pretty banged up job.
Richelle Direny: wasn't that good. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So that's why
Melonie Powers: And then you know my that was this fog that dad was my
Melonie Powers: Dad, my mom and now she's been married for over 25 years. But my point being is she got married five times that doesn't even include you know
Melonie Powers: But I mean, I see where she was trying to take
Melonie Powers: Care two girls and she's looking for somebody to help her be here.
Richelle Direny: To help her.
Melonie Powers: And to help us, you know, stable.
Richelle Direny: So basically what you learnt from your so big it sounds as based on what you're saying what you're doing now is pretty much what your mom taught you how to do just stay secure and
Richelle Direny: Instead of demanding.
Richelle Direny: The respects the love and attention that you know that you're worthy of you.
Richelle Direny: You tend to settle for whatever because as long as you have some type of security net, which is a false sense of security net
Richelle Direny: You you tell yourself. It's okay. It goes back to that word you used earlier, you just get over it because you just say you justified in your head that it's okay.
Richelle Direny: Because I have a roof over my head. I have this and I have that it's okay you're miserable on the inside, but you in your mind.
Richelle Direny: You justify it, and you can you tell yourself so it's okay. So you've perfected the art of doing that for many years and based on what you're seeing your mom did through all of her relationships. She taught you to accept it.
Richelle Direny: Without not necessarily saying mom Melanie accepted but her actions taught you. We are a product of our parents.
Richelle Direny: Were a product of the adults that we're setting our lives.
Melonie Powers: Well,
Hmm.
Melonie Powers: I think
Richelle Direny: You can't change it, but you can become aware of it. And with that awareness and knowledge and education. You can work to change you.
Richelle Direny: Mean you can work to change to to pretty much let that little girl inside grow up to love.
Richelle Direny: The person who who she is today.
Melonie Powers: I'm a firm believer and you can't change.
Melonie Powers: You said that you can you are
Richelle Direny: You Are you who you who you are, who you are. Now, but you can love the person that you are today with all of the imperfections and everything you can learn to love except the person who you are today. Love that individual and work on
Richelle Direny: Pretty much making better choices.
Richelle Direny: Like I said, ultimately, loving the who you are right now.
Richelle Direny: That's something that you struggle with. And I, and I wonder if it's just
Richelle Direny: you struggle with it because you fear what that might feel like
Melonie Powers: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Then the question is do you fear what that might feel like to authentically love the who you are right now.
Melonie Powers: I don't know what I don't like to talk about, because I just cry.
Richelle Direny: It's okay to cry.
Melonie Powers: When I
Melonie Powers: Was a story of my life.
Richelle Direny: But it's okay to cry. It's there's nothing wrong with crying crying is a natural reaction to different emotions that comes along.
Melonie Powers: But the question is do but otherwise I'm always hockey.
Melonie Powers: Oh,
Melonie Powers: Oh popped up in
Melonie Powers: My
Melonie Powers: Region one, it should be done. Yeah, I think straight my head.
Melonie Powers: Of those after
Richelle Direny: But then to. Okay, so with everything that you said just now, how about trying to say to switch that somewhat negative thought process and just tell yourself something positive, that I am not who I think I am.
Richelle Direny: I am and fill in those blanks which something positive.
Richelle Direny: You have
Richelle Direny: It's basically you're tricking your mind.
Long
Richelle Direny: Debate. But again, it goes back to that negative thought process is switching it to something positive, you have to because you have negatively spoken to yourself for so many years that that's what feels comfortable
Richelle Direny: So to do anything else. You're going to feel like it's alive because you have taught yourself to think the way you think.
Richelle Direny: So now you have to force it to change it to what you want. I am not who I think I am this and then fill in the blank. I am beautiful, I love who I am.
Richelle Direny: You just said. Remember, you just said you learn that you have to change your thought process.
Richelle Direny: On how you look at yourself. And that's how you started gaining you said I can't keep wearing the same makeup, as I did when I was in my 20s, I have to change my thought process. And I have to do things a little bit differently. So taking that same concept and applying it to now.
Richelle Direny: Your inner you know self. Why is that part so hard.
Melonie Powers: I don't even want don't
Melonie Powers: I don't, I'm not, you know,
Melonie Powers: I can't do it.
Richelle Direny: Do you fear loving you
Melonie Powers: Know,
Richelle Direny: Do you fear happiness.
Richelle Direny: Happiness.
Melonie Powers: I don't think I know what that really is.
Richelle Direny: Okay, tell me.
Richelle Direny: Think about it for just one second.
Melonie Powers: books I've read a million books, but
Richelle Direny: Well clearly books ain't really your you are, where you are right now. So the question is,
Richelle Direny: Tell me a time in your life that you can remember that whether it lasted for 10 minutes or an hour, tell me a time in your life that you experience true happiness. Happiness that you have never experienced before. Tell me a time when you did.
Melonie Powers: You maybe ever
Melonie Powers: Even none.
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Richelle Direny: I don't want you to go any further with it. What about you have to explain to me that degree of happiness. Like when you had your child.
Richelle Direny: Explain that to me.
Melonie Powers: All you know
Melonie Powers: 1516. What was that, oh yeah.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't matter if you had anything. It doesn't matter. You said in that. I don't care. Even if you had a 10. I don't care what age you had a man
Richelle Direny: I'm not looking at all of the negative things surrounding you getting pregnant and giving
Richelle Direny: I'm talking about the emotion. If you're saying that giving birth to this child then putting this child in your hand. I want you to tell me if that was the happiest time in your life, even if it only lasted for an hour, what did that feel like
Melonie Powers: No, no.
You just told me
Like a
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: That you know having like a crutch.
Melonie Powers: Is like having like a crutch.
Melonie Powers: No.
Melonie Powers: No, no relationship with my daughter know
Richelle Direny: You see what you do, you've trained yourself you have perfected the ability to only think of negative things that it is very, very, very, very, very hard. So even to try and do anything positive
Richelle Direny: It is very difficult because oh no no we're not gonna talk about that. Let's talk about something negative. Okay. But then what about this moment. Oh, no, no. Let's talk about that. Let's go to the negative
Richelle Direny: It's like, it's that it's just that hard for you because you've trained yourself.
Melonie Powers: you've trained yourself, but it's just all turned out bad
Richelle Direny: Because it's how
Melonie Powers: It's how you go
Richelle Direny: About her
Richelle Direny: It's how you go about it. It's how you look at it it's it's when it's all said and done, it's a choice. It's a choice. We're making the I'm not telling you that life doesn't have it up its ups and downs. I'm not telling you that life.
Richelle Direny: Or not gonna throw you a whole lot of curveballs I'm not gonna tell you that I'll be lying if I tell you that
Richelle Direny: But at the same time. Life has also thrown us a whole lot of good news. It's up to us what we want to say focus on
Richelle Direny: So the depth our of our depression all comes down to what are you saying focus on just the walls of life.
Richelle Direny: I mean, everything is any emotion that comes and goes.
Richelle Direny: What do you want to stay focus on what do you want to enjoy.
Richelle Direny: So that's what it comes down to. And honestly, Melanie, I think you're really truly do want to
Richelle Direny: I think it's just very hard for you.
Richelle Direny: It's just, it's very, very hard for you and you know it's you have to just
Richelle Direny: You have to answer that question.
Richelle Direny: It just start with just one day, even if you feel like it's a lie.
Richelle Direny: Tell yourself that lie long enough you start believing in
Richelle Direny: Me. Okay. All right. Hold on, I'm trying to wake up my computer here so I can schedule an appointment for you for a
Melonie Powers: Minute. Hold on one second.
Melonie Powers: Oh, it needs to go like, because we missed that, if we're trying to catch up like
Melonie Powers: So like today we meet. And then one day I duper
Richelle Direny: Okay, so tell me when you
Richelle Direny: Tell me what
Melonie Powers: The next day you will do
Melonie Powers: So it would be
Melonie Powers: Monday the sixth that are that week anyway.
Melonie Powers: Um, and then because one week I'm supposed to your counseling and then the following week I do through
Melonie Powers: Right now I'm trying to catch up completeness that appointment. So that's why I'm doing you now and then.
Melonie Powers: When
Richelle Direny: You're doing group and and and maybe in one week.
Richelle Direny: Or next week, you're going to be know that last
Melonie Powers: Yeah. So next week, you're
Richelle Direny: Doing group. This
Melonie Powers: This not this week I'm drinker on Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and then. So what about next week, you're going to do anything next week.
But
Melonie Powers: Know that I need to get back with you again to get back on.
Richelle Direny: Okay, the week of the
Richelle Direny: Yeah, the weekend away in two weeks.
Melonie Powers: Yes, the week of
Richelle Direny: The six witches. Yeah.
Yeah.
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Um,
Richelle Direny: You go, now if we meet next week. You don't do good. Next week, right.
Richelle Direny: Correct.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Would you be able to meet
Richelle Direny: At four o'clock on the seventh
Melonie Powers: I think so. I don't know why not
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm gonna put you in for the four for four o'clock on the seven and then um if any changes. I'll let you know.
Melonie Powers: Okay. Okay. All right. Well, I've got my book if something happens to shoot me a text is always quicker than an email. Oh.
Melonie Powers: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: All right, stay safe. Wash your hands. That's what I'm telling everybody at the end of our
Richelle Direny: Time together.
Melonie Powers: I'm not. I'm absolutely a freak about everything. My house is so don't want
Richelle Direny: To you want to tell you don't
Look too much.
Melonie Powers: Anal retentive
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one.
Melonie Powers: I see.
Melonie Powers: It probably, I guess, right.
Brock Simmons: Good, yo.
Richelle Direny: What happened to you yesterday.
Richelle Direny: On Sunday.
Brock Simmons: I don't even try it. No, I was signed in. I did.
Richelle Direny: I know
Richelle Direny: And I
Brock Simmons: Actually was just Martin in my town. I don't know what happened. I hadn't wrote down Sunday at seven and I waited and waited and waited and I should
Brock Simmons: So I signed
Richelle Direny: Funny, I think I wouldn't say my because I like I checked my phone all the time and I don't know what it was something had me pick up my phone.
Brock Simmons: Because I was watching movies with my family.
Richelle Direny: And for whatever reason, like I just picked up my phone and I
Richelle Direny: Know,
Brock Simmons: That was my bad. I'm sorry about that.
Richelle Direny: So then you would you did you checked in a whole day early and I had another person checked in a whole day late, what is going on.
Brock Simmons: Something in the air is grown and violence. I don't
Brock Simmons: Mind.
Brock Simmons: I
Richelle Direny: Don't say that too loud. Because then if you say the coronavirus now messing up our. Now that's a whole new thing that everybody gonna be super scared.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Brock Simmons: That was funny.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, was so but I sent you the text and he when you didn't respond. I was looking like oh, look at this. He came a whole day early and then he he died, he and you're gonna pay me know attention today.
Brock Simmons: Oh, do you have my new number because I gave it to the virtual clinic. But you said he was going to get it to down
Richelle Direny: Grab it. Right. Got it. Hold on.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, cuz I want to make sure you have the right number because you send me the messages and I like that. That way you know off track and whatnot. At least, that's a reminder, I can jump on
Richelle Direny: The four. The 419-612-5623 is not your number.
Brock Simmons: Of that phone. No more. No, that's why I missed week with you because I phone it broke and I have one other one
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on.
Richelle Direny: So what's your new number
Brock Simmons: 567
Brock Simmons: Okay, oh three, okay 556 730-379-3556 730-379-3579 to five. Yep, that's it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, alright, so I'll, I'll have, I'll have it updated on my end. However, they did it because I went on.
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And then that's the number I sent it to because everybody else confirmed. And I said, oh, brought them TG just gonna leave me hanging
Brock Simmons: After he oh
Brock Simmons: No, I didn't. I actually had a roadmap for Sunday. My wife haven't said before that. She said, You sure today's Sunday. I don't see that happen. I should I, should I have seven but I was wrong. So
Richelle Direny: You gotta listen to the wife sometimes
Brock Simmons: I know that's right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what does she say after you came back and you told me she's like I told you so.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. She says that I knew Sunday something didn't sound like us. Yeah. Didn't mean either, but I just what I had hoped down. So no, that's okay. I thought you said Sunday. So I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Yeah weekend are completely off the bus, especially a Sunday.
Brock Simmons: Extensively
Brock Simmons: Hey, that's fine. So I should have known that we can was off limits to you so
Brock Simmons: Oh, I'm here. So,
Richelle Direny: We got. Okay, that's good, that's good. We're good. Hold on. Just my computer went to sleep and it's refusing to wake up. Hold on.
Brock Simmons: you redo your office.
Richelle Direny: How you
Richelle Direny: Know, because I work another job. And so, you know, because of this coronavirus they send everyone home.
Brock Simmons: Gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: So everybody's working from home, I'm working from home. My husband is working from home. The kids are schooling from home.
Richelle Direny: So you have to find different areas.
Brock Simmons: To do every certainly become a scary thing here where I live. I live in Ohio and
Brock Simmons: It's like everybody's not working and going to school, but they have me working in a factory and and have some working at Walmart and it's like, what do you do continue to go to work and provide for the family or
Brock Simmons: You know, quit. We're taking a risk on getting it. I mean, it's scary. It's a scary thing.
Richelle Direny: It is, it is. I mean, the thing is, so like for me. They so for like today's my first day working from home. And at first, you know, cuz I work for
Richelle Direny: A contractor with the VA. So they tell you you're an essential worker, and then I'm thinking, well, I mean, I'm in the central worker and they said
Richelle Direny: Central. So, but then I mean, but for what I is that I do as a
Richelle Direny: Case Manager is what they call with this what I do. It's for what I do, I could do it all on from home. I don't have to be in the office where it's different from like a doctor and a nurse, like they have to be there.
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah, it's a little bit. It's a little bit different but
Richelle Direny: I mean, listen, I appreciate your son going to Walmart because you know you run out of food.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's like going down.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, no shit. Yeah, it's just very because he can bring it home to us. And I don't know, I could bring it home. We're both in and out all day so I don't want to hear what
Richelle Direny: Is your
Richelle Direny: What is the protocol that you have in place both of you have in place for yourselves in terms of when you go to work. Like, what are the protective things
Brock Simmons: Well, really, we as we take our coach and stuff off i were to explain layers of clothes I wear thermals under my pants because factories little cold, so I'll take them off before I come in the door.
Brock Simmons: But really we don't even have or in all reality. I mean, David takes his best and stuff off and Washington his hands, and we had hand sanitizer, which we're about to run out.
Brock Simmons: And I don't even know where are you going to order it online, I guess, cuz none of the stores here carrion, they're all sold out.
Richelle Direny: But in Walmart, they have on like what time does he go to work.
Brock Simmons: He goes to work. It's different Z to go to work. I knew one day and six. The next day, so it's just four or five hours at a time.
Richelle Direny: Oh, and I because I was thinking a lot of i would i would think that workers have like the stores like grocery stores in different places of that sort. When the shipment comes in. They first
Richelle Direny: You know, like they know when the shipment comes in. So all of these items like a session items that you would need. You would think that they get first dibs at it because
Brock Simmons: Well, they're telling David my son at Walmart is no longer going to get hand sanitizers or the mask or the done, getting them.
Brock Simmons: Some about the medical teams and the medical profession. I don't know what's going on. So they're not getting any more at all.
Brock Simmons: For the time being.
Richelle Direny: You know what was interesting. I thought this was very interesting, actually. Yesterday, you know, so I don't know if you have
Richelle Direny: I use this quote this app called WhatsApp and they they are or even like on social media to I don't have social media, but I get it. People get it from social media and send it to this one that I have and
Richelle Direny: You have these different like means that's going around or these little video clips that they send around or what have you. Yesterday I thought was very interesting that I never even thought of what is the the main ingredient in a hand sanitizer.
Brock Simmons: Oh, you get rubbing alcohol and then you. Right, right. We can't
Brock Simmons: We can't find alcohol anywhere. Neither Robin
Richelle Direny: The but this is the thing. This was what was interesting. It was this doctor he took the hand sanitizer. He pumped. Some of it in a plate. He clean the plate. He pumps. Some of the hand sanitizer in the plate. And he said, and he liked the the hand sanitizer on fire. Like he put fire to it.
Richelle Direny: And it plays it didn't. You didn't see any fire, either it just so. Okay. What happened to the fire, he went and got a piece of napkin. He put it over the hand sanitizer. And what do you think happened to the hand sanitizer.
Brock Simmons: lit up.
Richelle Direny: Fire
Brock Simmons: Really
Richelle Direny: caught fire. And so he said, you know, you have to be careful because the hand sanitizer. The one that he had it said it had 70% alcohol in it.
Richelle Direny: Well, he went back, you're thinking like, okay, maybe it died down. He went back like a few minutes later, put the paper towel over the hand sanitizer. And what happened.
Brock Simmons: Fire again.
Richelle Direny: caught fire again. And he was like, they never really showed like how he was able to like how he got rid of it, like whether he washed it off or what
Richelle Direny: But he was like, you know, one of the points he made. He said, You have to be careful at home with this stuff because this stuff he I guess he was cautioning not to really use it or you so much of it at home.
Richelle Direny: Because of the fact of the alcohol content in it. If you're using it at home and then you go over the stove or you go with your you could easily get burnt because of the alcohol in it.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, we've
Brock Simmons: We watch all kinds of stuff like that on TV. I don't know. I hope this stuff passes before too long, and we can get back to our normal everyday lives because it's just this stressful. What is
Richelle Direny: It if I most definitely it really truly is.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I especially for the kids.
Richelle Direny: That their home and
Richelle Direny: I don't know you. I know you said, well, you have three young kids at home right two or three
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Brock Simmons: Well, I have to. I'm left in the house to I'm scrolling around, around, but it's still yeah you worried about them and just
Brock Simmons: I don't know, my wife's just out too much. I kind of do too. I'm fine until I watched the news as soon as I watched the news and I stopped paying a cannon.
Richelle Direny: What you need to do you need to know.
Brock Simmons: What so much. I try to stay on as much as possible, but I like to know what's going on at the same time, I want to know, you know, we're in a hot zone you live in Florida. Right. Correct.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, it's one of those
Richelle Direny: And then in the county. I'm leaving. I live in May.
Richelle Direny: One minute. It's like, you know, 1000 people then next minute it like it jumps. A shoots up. You're like, What the heck, or did all this
Richelle Direny: High
Brock Simmons: Here we only have 10 confirmed cases, but we have numerous
Brock Simmons: And we have turned us as what it is we have numerous cases of it, but I don't know what to think. Who knows if we're getting told the truth. You know what I mean, no can be all kinds of different theories on what the hell's really going on. So very weird. I don't know.
And
Richelle Direny: The part of me kind of uses that took to ease my mind because if you question.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, how much is this
Richelle Direny: really true that that you're going to be unwise and you're going to go out there and do something really silly.
Richelle Direny: But at the same time you question.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, it's a we only watch Fox eight News. Now, or MSNBC because there's just so much fake propaganda ship going around it. It's really scary. I mean, it's like what the world so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a little. It's a little
Richelle Direny: It's a little. Some of it is a little suspicious. Like, how does this thing spreading so quickly and how
Brock Simmons: Did this. It's like this is, this doesn't make a whole lot of sense. How's your drinking water where you're at. You guys and cotton, not for a lot of Dell thing. Are you over everybody's water is contaminated and stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, I never heard about yet.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, Fort Lauderdale, something happened with the water system. I guess the whole city is contaminated water and all kinds of stuff.
Brock Simmons: I got it bro is in Fort Lauderdale. That's why I was asking you.
Richelle Direny: Were in Fort Lauderdale.
Brock Simmons: I'm not, for sure. I think the whole city. I'm not mistaken.
Richelle Direny: I think remember Fort Lauderdale is
Richelle Direny: A
Richelle Direny: City in Broward County.
Richelle Direny: Right, yeah, that was close to the beach.
Brock Simmons: Right, right. I guess I'm not, for sure. I just seen it this morning. So I just figured I'd ask you, I don't have any facts on it right now.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, you know, when I get off here. Which one, go find out.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I definitely look it up because it's such a big thing going around the news right now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no I didn't. I didn't hear anything. Um,
Brock Simmons: Me and my wife, we have a drink for SIP water for a long, long time. I mean we cook and stuff with it, but
Brock Simmons: I haven't. We've always used bottle water and stuff like that. Just because Detroit. I mean have two states away from us and they had the worst wider than the United States, and we can't stay away from metric and shooting.
Richelle Direny: What do you think, to work.
Brock Simmons: Person drinking water in the world.
Richelle Direny: I don't think anything is bad, you remember that movie. Erin Brockovich
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I liked that movie Julia Roberts, where
Richelle Direny: Where that happened you know it's here where I live in West Palm but out way out west.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, that was messed up story there, they just continue to lead to people that water.
Richelle Direny: And knowing what it was going to do. So it was here in Florida where that on or none at all. It wasn't in Florida. I forgot what it was in Florida, BUT WHEREVER, BUT THERE WAS A few years ago, she was here, Aaron brought me they came in was testing the the where
Richelle Direny: Where it would like the place because, you know, Florida is like all the, a lot of it a swamp plan. So they dump up and all that different stuff.
Brock Simmons: Right, but I'm
Richelle Direny: I'm going to find out. I didn't hear anything. And I was looking at, um, I watch Fox News and CNN and then the local news and I didn't remember hearing anything like that.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, check it out. I just seen it this morning and my buddy LIKE I SAID, MY BROTHER LIVES IN PORT ST. LUCIE I believe that's where he lives and he's saying his one is fine too. So hopefully you guys
Richelle Direny: Get Port St. Lucie is about an hour away from me.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: How many siblings do you have
Brock Simmons: Um, whether STEP BROTHERS ARE ACTUALLY through my step father, but he raised me since I was five. So look pretty much we call each other brothers.
Brock Simmons: I have six STEP BROTHERS AND SISTERS so
Richelle Direny: That's about
Brock Simmons: Yeah yeah
Brock Simmons: Wow, that's
That's a lot of
Richelle Direny: fiddling there.
Brock Simmons: You go
Richelle Direny: That's a lot of siblings. So you said that. Um, so, but you work overnight. You said right
Brock Simmons: Yeah, we're just trying to six first shift.
Richelle Direny: So you go you work tonight.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah, this is my day back, I gotta go back tonight.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but do you like how your house is set up. Do you guys have garages there in Ohio.
Brock Simmons: garages.
Richelle Direny: They like we have a garage.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, that's where we are.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you undress from the garage and then come in the house.
Brock Simmons: House. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Oh. Is your. Do you have washer and dryer. Yeah.
Brock Simmons: Right in the garage about setup in the garage. So that's fine. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that's just kind of how it is, you know, you just wash your hands and then come in the house. And I mean, listen, at the end of the day, I think a lot of this. It drives a lot of fearing people
Richelle Direny: It's a test of your faith and it also you know a lot of people are losing hope, especially when you watch the news, like you said,
Richelle Direny: And you're hearing about so many people dying like almost in a you're comparing it
Richelle Direny: To Italy and when they make these comparisons from how many people died in China in comparison to Italy and now here in the United States. When you hear, stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: And then you start showing people all look now we're kind of getting up there in numbers with Italy. Oh, now with the past, Italy, what do you think happens to everyone.
Brock Simmons: start freaking out.
Richelle Direny: If you're depressed, what happens to your depression.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: Now you're deep in it so y'all. And it's so there's so much that can come out of it. So like you said, which is important is for you to be aware of those things that increases your anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Right. It is not something you struggle with. You're definitely you're going to start having, you know, increasing anxiety and struggling with it, simply because of what you're
Richelle Direny: What you're feeding your mind with
Brock Simmons: Right. See, my wife has extremely high blood pressure on me. They fall in Sedona news that coronavirus will
Brock Simmons: That's the first place that attacks its blood pressure and stuff like that. So that's another reason why we worry a lot scared as she might attract it and then a federal blood pressure taken
Brock Simmons: A night here lately. No, but she used to go shopping. She likes to go to the stores and do all that. But no. Not lately. She's trying to depress right now because she can't get a house. She stopped in the house, but rather be safe than sorry. So you'd
Richelle Direny: rather be safe than sorry. But at the same time, when you get over. So remember, so it's not just about the okay am I wearing all of these personal protective devices, honestly, what they're not telling you is that you are also weakening your own defense system when you get super stress.
Brock Simmons: Right. Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: But nobody could test for that nobody is that gonna, I'm sure they're in there. They're never going to tell you that, but if you you're waking you're weakening your defense system.
Richelle Direny: When you get so stress you all of these different chemicals are released into your body and it weakens your defense system. It's kind of like the concept of
Richelle Direny: Um, when you want like they tell you wash your hands every 20 minutes. What do you think is going to happen when you wash your hand that much.
Brock Simmons: What's that you wash your hands.
Richelle Direny: They tell you to wash your hands when especially when you're out every 20 minutes
Right.
Richelle Direny: How many times a day, are you washing your hands if you wash it. Every 20 minutes
Brock Simmons: Should quite, quite a few. Yes. Three times an hour. So I'm moving around 10 to 12 hours a day. So that's 3040 times at least
Richelle Direny: So what do you think you're doing to your natural the natural for the natural bacteria that your body needs to protect you.
Brock Simmons: But I'm not
Brock Simmons: pro choice Pro. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So one way you. Okay, so I'm going to unlock the door to my immune system by getting super stress from watching this news.
Brock Simmons: Right, that's
Richelle Direny: gonna follow everything they say I'm going to watch the crap out of my hands and probably go baby three, four times a day. And so all of what you're doing now, you're just opening up yourself.
Brock Simmons: Right. That's a good, that's a good point that you just said, yeah, I never thought of that we ought to Washington and use my hand sanitizer. How many times a day. I mean, I know I use at least 10 times
Richelle Direny: What do you know what do you know, one of the one of the, one of the things that alcohol does to you when you use it. What do you think it does.
Brock Simmons: Well as obviously gets you dilute it gets you drunk when are you upset.
Richelle Direny: But doesn't it. It's a drying agent.
Brock Simmons: Right, well yeah dry shout at me. Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: So if you're using nothing all day long on your hand. What do you think you're doing to at least your hands.
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah, it's a that's a good point. I like
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, again, you are going to use the precautions that are put out there, but you are not going to be unwise and you're not going to overdo it now. Now your wife has
Richelle Direny: High blood pressure right she has high blood pressure. So she's supposed to take her medication.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, she gets stress can you control your high blood pressure.
Brock Simmons: I know she's got she got to watch. What about getting stressed out stuff all the time because it affects yeah
Richelle Direny: If your body is under stress. I don't care how much blood pressure pills you drink it is not going to you're going to keep taking it. Otherwise my blood pressure not going well, why don't you call me so down
Brock Simmons: Right.
Brock Simmons: Yes, everything, but we're getting less stress.
Richelle Direny: Worry and stress as a whole lot of things to your body that no one can test for no one not there is no MRI. There's no EKG. There's no blood tests. There's no all of these sophisticated tests.
Richelle Direny: Can stress test for stress. That is why, especially with children, mostly with children. I've ever heard.
Richelle Direny: That when you take a child to the doctor. They one of the number one questions that they asked, Has there been any changes disruption in this child's life meaning that mom and dad or siblings are every. Is everybody still in the picture. Has anything changed within the family context.
Brock Simmons: Right. That's why they asked. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's why they asked because of the emotional and mental impact it has on this child how this child stress level. And how do you know when your child is super stressed was one indicator that you know that something is going on with your child.
Brock Simmons: Right. And then once the damage is done. There's no 15 others know the damage it.
Richelle Direny: But it's very hard to fix it when you can't even identify it.
Brock Simmons: Because, you know,
Richelle Direny: The one thing that you can tell when a child is over the stress is their behavior. That's the first indicator that there is something wrong.
Brock Simmons: Because acting out
Richelle Direny: And naturally, we don't stop to say hey you know what something changed something happened and maybe that's the reason why this child is acting like that. No you jump to disciplining. So what do we do as an as as human beings.
Richelle Direny: We completely become so evasive of the different life changes that we go through so it goes back to like with your wife, you're still going to follow through on whatever precautions that's put out there, you're going to practice natural hand hygiene, that you should have been doing anyway.
Richelle Direny: Like it's like your dentist calling you and saying, oh, now we're cleaning out everything. Hold up. So every time when I was coming here last month. She wasn't feeling in it.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, it's just it's common sense, really. I mean, the stuff that we've been doing. We've been told to do for forever now and now everybody now wants to do it so it's
Brock Simmons: I don't know, I just like to know the truth of fish really the truth about this whole ordeal is something more sinister going on. I mean, it's just
Brock Simmons: Always that in the back of my head. So my dad was a big conspiracy theorists kind of guy. So I try to stay away from all that stuff. But at the same time, it makes you wonder, you know, what is really going on. So,
Richelle Direny: Nothing. Listen, I'm gonna tell you this Brock
Richelle Direny: We are called a session that will tell you.
Brock Simmons: Know conspiracy theorists.
Richelle Direny: Conspiracy theorists, I'ma say, sometimes it makes you
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Does it really does.
Brock Simmons: Thank you froze up on me.
Brock Simmons: Can you hear me.
Brock Simmons: Wait a minute. See, she come back on.
Brock Simmons: Are you there.
Brock Simmons: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Brock Simmons: You froze up on me.
Brock Simmons: froze up again.